Between Vancouver and the Pacific Ocean to the west is a large island called Vancouver Island .
Between the nave and the aisles are rows of columns .
Between these supports are the horizontal rungs .
Bharatanatyam is the main dance of the Tamil people .
Bid rigging is most common among construction firms trying to get a government building project .
Big balloons are called aircraft .
Big balloons are made from fabric .
Big balloons are used for people to fly into the sky .
Big earthquakes can take down buildings and cause death and injury .
Big hailstones can hurt and even kill small animals .
Big herds would have thousands of head of cattle .
Bigger caches are also more expensive to build .
Bilbies are an endangered species of Australian marsupials .
Bilby shaped chocolates are sold in many Australian shops to raise money to help protect the bilbies .
Bilirubin causes the yellow coloring of the skin .
Billiard balls have been made from many different materials since the start of the game .
Bingham made a deal with the government to take artifacts to the Peabody Museum for study .
Biologist Andrew Mack has watched cassowaries and disagreed with many of these ideas .
Birders from all over the world have come to Cape May to see the migrations .
Birds of prey such as Whistling Kites also rely on fire to flush out small animals and are usually found in large numbers circling a fire front .
Bismuth compounds are chemical compounds that have bismuth ions in them .
Bitter tastes are usually thought of as a bad or undesirable taste .
Black cardamom has coolness similar to that of mint .
Black cardamom is sometimes used in garam masala for curries .
Black is also in demand for some of Hollywood largest movies and smallest indie films .
Black leaders did not like this about him .
Black pepper and Sichuan pepper cause similar burning sensations .
Black players Satchel Paige and Josh Gibson were upset when Robinson was selected first .
Black spot can also be seen on basil foliage and is caused by the fungi genus Colletotrichum .
Black stretch stockings were also popular .
Blanco became leader of the party and won the 1982 presidential election .
Blanco was born in Santiago de los Caballeros and studied law at the University of Santa Dominigo .
Blixen wrote works both in Danish and in English .
Blizzards and related snowstorms are rare in Kansas .
Blocky lava is so thick and slow that it barely moves along the ground .
Blocky lava makes jumble piles of sharp chunks .
Blocky lava usually ooze out from a volcano only after an explosion has let out lots of the gas pressure from the place where there is magma .
Blood is put on a slide which is a thin piece of glass .
Blood vessels and nerves go into the glands at the hilum and go out into the lobules .
Blossom scent would also be picked up .
Blue John is a type of rock which is found near Castleton .
Boats carried people over 200 m up the river to look for gold in the mountains .
Boats from Laos can not get to the ocean using the Mekong because of rapids and waterfalls in the south of the country .
Boats with sails are called sailing boats .
Bob Hope jokingly dedicated Best Song nominee The Second Time Around to them at the 1961 Academy Awards .
Bob could pay John for the shoes and John could go to the store and buy some milk .
Bodhisattvas are often considered metaphors for Buddhist virtues .
Boil a large pot of water .
Bolehkah anda bercakap Bahasa Melayu ?
Bones contain most of the calcium ion in the human body .
Boniface quickly dismissed the other delegates and asked Dante alone to remain in Rome .
Books by J. R. R. Tolkien .
Books have been written about him and lots of people have made guesses about who he might have been .
Boom !
Borderless connection is only possible by sea or air .
Born won the 1954 Nobel Prize in Physics .
Boswell and Johnson spent some time in Edinburgh and they traveled a lot to the Scottish islands .
Both Hindus and Muslims respected Kabir .
Both Mateos and Mendiola then began work on music by themselves .
Both Scipio and Hannibal met on the field of Zama .
Both ancient and modern writers have used the Battle of Thermopylae as an example of the power of a patriotic army of freemen defending native soil .
Both animals kept as pets and animals raised as livestock are routinely vaccinated .
Both are from the social democratic party SPD .
Both are known for their crocodiles .
Both are often sweetened after cooking by pouring on syrup or sprinkling with powdered sugar .
Both armies got more men over the night to begin the second day of action .
Both armies remained in position opposite each other for a week before the battle began .
Both armies yet again raised their battle cries .
Both bushrangers ran away when a bank worker fired a shot into the ceiling of the bank .
Both candles go out .
Both craftsmen and artists have made tapestries .
Both energy conservation and renewable energy are important aspects of sustainability .
Both evolutionary rates and speciation rates can be high .
Both feuds continue throughout the series .
Both genders have tan colored wing edges .
Both girls act in Disney Channel programs .
Both girls caught typhus and Jane almost died .
Both houses have forty members .
Both instruments were gifts from her godmother .
Both kinds like to stay in the cold north .
Both kinds of cartoons can be found on the internet .
Both male and female beavers have two castor sacs .
Both males and females have gray ventral wings with dark spots surrounded by white rings .
Both marriages ended in divorce .
Both may occur in the same species .
Both men and women can get this cancer .
Both men and women can need a mastectomy .
Both movies are based on the comic book of the same name .
Both networks are large and benefit from tourism .
Both of the children were adopted as soon as they were born .
Both of the two Daft Punk members went to the same school in Paris .
Both of them are with the side of the Rebels and fight against the evil Galactic Empire .
Both of these are available by subscription or from newsstands .
Both of these minerals do not dissolve in water .
Both of these peaks could be reached within 2 to 3 hours by hiking .
Both of these recipes need more baking powder to leaven .
Both of these things were finished in 1907 .
Both parents go through the entire strip without names .
Both parents were interested in culture .
Both pictures were painted in 1900 .
Both pitch and loudness are manipulated here .
Both practices are no longer used in the rules of modern basketball .
Both programs continue today in syndication .
Both pronunciations are acceptable as there is no official pronunciation .
Both rear whells turn at the same speed Because of this one rear tire must slide while cornering .
Both roads are sealed all weather roads although may be cut off periodically during periods of heavy rain .
Both routes exist since ancient history .
Both sides or parties will show evidence or proof that they are right and the other side or party is wrong .
Both special areas are in Kashmir .
Both species of kangaroo mouse live in sandy desert ecosystems .
Both systems showed that they could be used but were not allowed to be used by the FCC .
Both the Haitian and the American populations kept their languages and traditions .
Both the King and Queen truly disliked their eldest son the Prince of Wales .
Both the Matanuska and Susitna Rivers have lots of salmon .
Both the Richard Carpenter Trio and Spectrum disbanded in 1968 .
Both the male and female take turns incubating the eggs .
Both the parties have not yet agreed upon the final status of the region and nothing significant has been implemented since the peace process began in 2004 .
Both the skin and inner part can be eaten .
Both times she won with Arantxa Sanchez Vicario .
Both titles were on the line and Hager defeated Miller to become the undisputed heavyweight champion in Florida Championship Wrestling .
Both types of ball sets are allowed in tournament play .
Both were Presbyterians and strong Covenanters .
Both were killed after returning to Iraq the following February .
Both were painted in 1903 .
Both were painted in 1905 at the beginning of the Rosa Period .
Botticelli executed this work with the greatest mastery and diligence .
Boulanger .
Bowell other political leaders could not solve the problem .
Bowell resigned at the end of the parliamentary session .
Bowell supported a law that would have forced Manitoba to restore funding the Catholic schools .
Bowell was the Conservative leader until 1906 .
Bowell was the most senior Cabinet minister and was appointed Prime Minister by the Governor General .
Bowell was the second of two Canadian Prime Ministers to serve in the Senate rather than the House of Commons .
Bowser hears about this when mario beats him as first boss .
Boxing legend Sugar Ray Robinson sometimes played games with this team .
Bradford is a Cherokee .
Braking is achieved by a disc brake mounted on the rear axle .
Bramante was at the Vatican while Michelangelo was painting the Sistine Chapel ceiling .
Branches from Frankston line at Caulfield station .
Brawl .
Brawl as an Assist Trophy .
Bread is now much sweeter than it was in the Middle Ages because a lot of corn syrup or honey is used .
Breaking a taboo is sometimes seen as rudeness .
Breaking the taboo may be punished hard by those states .
Breast cancer begins in the breast .
Breastshot and undershot wheels can be used on rivers or high volume flows with large reservoirs .
Breathing the dust is harmful .
Breckinridge ordered his field officers to make an inspection of the troops and to report back with the condition of his army .
Breckinridge ordered his men to move forward and build new breastworks .
Breckinridge then ordered his men to retreat from the battlefield .
Breeding in the United Kingdom was recorded for the first time in 2008 only a year after an influx seen in the previous year .
Breton is a Celtic language .
Brett Gurewitz left in 1994 .
Brett Gurewitz said he was angry at former U.S. president George W. Bush and that The Empire Strikes First is about him .
Brian Littrell Brian Thomas Littrell completed the Backstreet Boys group as its fifth member in 1993 after a phone audition to Lou Pearlman .
Brick is the most common type of masonry .
Bright spots in the flower attract the flies to come inside .
Bristol International Airport is less than three miles away .
Britain changed the name to the Tanganyika Territory .
Britain stopped sending convicts to Tasmania in 1853 .
British artillery and musketry succeeded in repulsing the French assault and the British Household and Union heavy cavalry brigades charged after the retreating Frenchmen .
British surgeon Percivall Pott was the first to find a cause for cancer .
Bromine compounds are chemical compounds that have bromine ions in them .
Bromley achieved his desired promotion to the Midlands Circuit in 1616 .
Broom had died in 1951 but Dart was still living .
Brosnan appeared in several Bond films .
Brown rats are often used as model organisms .
Bruce learned many different ways to fight while he grew up .
Brunelleschi and Donatello like to spend a lot of time poking around among the ruins of Ancient Rome .
Bruno Senna was the first driver to complete a test run on the circuit .
Bruton and Ahern both tried to get her the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights .
Brutus also committed suicide .
Brutus and Cassius were defeated by Antony and Octavian at the Battle of Philippi in October 42 BC .
Bryant has been given a sentence of life in gaol for each of the 35 murders .
Buchanan later realized that he made a mistake and apologized .
Buchanan supported the rights of slave owners to keep their slaves and wanted Kansas to adopt a constitution that allowed slavery .
Bucharest became the capital again when Imperial Germany was defeated .
Buddha Ratnasambhava is one of the five Dhyani Buddhas .
Buddhism expanded during this period .
Buddhism has little to say about naturism .
Buddhism is mostly about ending the feeling of pain that all people feel inside .
Buddhists sometimes do these things to understand the human heart and mind .
Buffalo Bill performed his Western show at the garden in 1890 .
Buffy was on television for seven seasons and a total of 144 episodes .
Buford slowed down the Confederate attack long enough for Union forces to set up a defense on Cemetery Ridge .
Buford would get more men later in the day and would be allowed to leave with his division .
Buford would run back to McPherson Ridge and Seminary Ridge as the Confederate forces marched in more men .
Bugs caused by race conditions are a frequent source of frustration within the profession of software development .
Builders started to build the bunker in 1942 .
Building 6 is called SACLA .
Building started in 1860 and the first part of it was opened in 1863 .
Building started in 1895 and the first section was opened in 1897
Buildings designed by English architect Charles Holden .
Bundesliga .
Buoyancy can be controlled by the osmotical pumping of gas and fluid into or from the camerae along the siphuncles .
Burbage Moor is a lovely walking spot .
Burbridge and his men then went into a disorderly retreat .
Burbridge then began to form his men up in columns to counterattack the Rebel defenses .
Bureaucrats are the government workers and government organizations that do work for the government .
Burghoff also had a deformed hand which was hidden on the show by special camera tricks and he held it behind his back a lot .
Burial pits with remains fitting this description have been found at Kalkriese Hill .
Burke was encouraged by Sir Philip Francis who had been wounded by Hastings in a duel in India .
Burke wrote down the story which was published in Hobart in 1870 .
Burnett was born in San Antonio in 1933 .
Burr conspired to form a new country in the southwest territories .
Burr died in 1836 .
Burton had seen Elfman perform as a member of Oingo Boingo .
Burzum quickly became important within the early Norwegian black metal scene .
Bushwalking is also popular in the remote parts of the peninsula .
Businesses are usually in partnership with other companies for the profit of each other .
Buster Posey of the San Francisco Giants and Neftali Feliz of the Texas Rangers are the 2010 winners .
But Babur approached forward and was a successful winner of this Battle in Gogra .
But Bob has eggs and John needs milk .
But Buddha believed that it is up to each person to become enlightened .
But Cape York Peninsula remains fairly unspoilt with intact and healthy river systems and no recorded plant or animal extinction since European settlement .
But God still gave others who were still loyal to him the chance to get into Heaven .
But Godse and his mentors later rejected Gandhi .
But Greg Graffin is an atheist .
But Hindenburg always said he wanted to be buried next to his wife .
But Hume never said if he believed in God .
But Jane was a firm Protestant and refused to become a Catholic .
But Japan was not completely isolated under the sakoku policy .
But Japanese Manzai is unique .
But Jews returned and rebuilt their civilization .
But Mary told William that she did not care about political power .
But Meltzer writes that it is not .
But Ra did have some enemies .
But Raphael continued to paint in the style that Perugino taught him .
But Saint George told them not to be scared .
But a bride was still needed for King Ferdinand of Naples .
But all these types of dance have music .
But dismantling factories went on into 1950 .
But electric guitars were the main instrument used on the record .
But even in its first years the club adapted a very adventurous and offensive style of play based on technique and short passes .
But expectation of what ?
But factories demanded that people work hard jobs for long hours .
But farming is done on a much larger scale .
But farms are much larger than gardens .
But he also died in the fire .
But he did not change his mind .
But he does not always do his job in the way the Department would like .
But he played not very often so he went to Wiener AC where he shot 27 goals in 26 matches .
But he was 15th in the individual eventing competition .
But he was not .
But he wrote his poems down .
But his music lives on .
But immunization can also happen from getting the infection .
But in extreme case can cause death or make you very sick .
But in some cultures animal names may be good .
But is it a true fact ?
But it actually is a relative of Abelisaurus .
But it made three very good pictures which were later divided up between three important art galleries .
But it seems too strong for a purely vegetarian diet .
But laws of war have been made so that wars do not get worse than they need to be .
But many kinds of pain also need medicines to feel better .
But many of the places malaria may be found are in poor countries .
But many parts of the male reproductive system are internal too .
But most historians think that the Buddha was a real person .
But nobody was willing to marry her .
But often it is because the number of malaria parasites present in the blood is so low that they are not present in the section of the blood that was looked at .
But on the return of Ferdinand VII he was put in prison at Pamplona from 1814 to 1820 .
But parts of the Northwest Territory were added to Manitoba later on .
But people did it because it was less dangerous then getting smallpox .
But people here uses the water of the Yaque del Norte river to grow plants .
But regained his place in the England squad towards the end of last season .
But secrecy about the prison and its prisoners gave it an evil reputation .
But she continued to work as an actor until 1863 .
But she must not speak until the last one has been finished .
But she never forgave herself for doing this .
But some Italian cruiser classes were rather deficient in armor .
But some people think that some of those players were so good that they should be in the Hall of Fame anyway .
But sometimes doctors still use IV quinine .
But sometimes people who did this got very sick from smallpox .
But soon after his death myths arose that he was murdered .
But still Communication and synchronization between the different subtasks is difficult while achieving good parallel program performance .
But subjects continued to use a distinct style of indigenous clothing that today is known as Hanbok .
But tatamiberi was used to show status .
But that is just what the sentence says .
But the Japanese skating federation thought there was not a good reason to keep her at the Junior level when she had already won everything .
But the KOOPA CRUISER exploads sending them in STARDUST FIELD .
But the Plasmodium in the liver is not killed by chloroquine .
But the Spanish authorities considered it dangerous .
But the benefits which humans have from nature are many .
But the best known of the Sami people were the Lapp nomads who raised reindeer .
But the date of his death is about the year 64 C.E. .
But the era of military pronunciamientos ruined his personal prospects and patriotic plans .
But the factory closed and sugar cane is not grown any more .
But the government threatened to fall over the issue .
But the names of the places were not written down .
But the paintings are made lively by all the bits of red .
But the rebellion in town will continued until the middle of the 19th century .
But the rumors were never verified .
But the story of the Keys is completely missing .
But the storyline of A New Generation does not borrow from it .
But the team can use a player who was not on the lineup .
But the technology is not as well developed as wind power or solar power .
But the tomb had not been closed tightly enough .
But then bad things started to happen .
But then he had a dream .
But then the god Hermes came and told her that the gods said that she had to let Odysseus go .
But there he does it not .
But there is also a modified Arabic alphabet that is called Jawi .
But there is no simple mathematical relationship between the two masses .
But therer are other garments of Hanbok .
But these women also sing and dance in the front .
But they consummated the marriage later .
But they do not see how sick more people would be if we did not vaccinate people .
But they eat the feathers of small birds and rotten meat .
But they have minds of their own .
But they only found rubbish .
But they still believe that Adam caused all humanity to have to work for this .
But they used a rope to keep the chair from going too high .
But they wanted a symbol that was happier and more positive .
But they were the first to design a system that describes how things change over time and can predict how they will change in the future .
But today that is nearly gone .
But what fool would continue the same attacks for ten months ?
But women performing kabuki was believed to corrupt public morals .
Butter is a solid fat .
By 17 August most of the stands and terraces had been completed .
By 1847 the quarry was being worked by local landowner John Pughe .
By 1848 there were 248 people living in Yass .
By 1850 Carcoar was the second biggest town west of the mountains .
By 1911 they had become a group who toured regularly .
By 1957 most of the machinery was built and by 1959 the full building work was complete .
By 1980s many Tamil people of Sri Lanka were facing ethnic conflicts .
By 1982 Iraq was looking to end the war .
By 1995 there were already about 150 million Walkman portable players produced .
By June 20 2006 over 500 million games of Halo 2 had been played over Xbox Live .
By September 1866 construction had advanced to the point where the Board of Trade inspector Captain Henry Tyler could make an initial inspection and report .
By analogy the term vassal is used also for similar systems in other feudal societies .
By changing the suffix you can change the meaning of the word .
By eliminating an enemy the teams can reduce the number of tickets of the other team .
By far the most important of his works internationally are his six symphonies and three concertos .
By moving the stick he would try to defend against attack by several persons .
By owning a share you can earn a portion and selling shares you get capital gain .
By playing online the players can gather points for the global ranking .
By that time Hoysala Empire had lost its last ruler and Harihara I could gain power .
By that time the ideas were widespread in progressive social circles .
By the 1880s the number of buffaloes escaped from early settlements had grown so much that hunting them for skins and horns was economically successful .
By the 1900s it had started to give public performances .
By the Carboniferous period many of the shapes seen in living gastropods can be matched in the fossil record .
By the Ordovician period the gastropods were a varied group present in a few aquatic habitats .
By the beginning of April Coalition forces had much of Iraq .
By the early 1880s many people had left the town .
By the end of his school years a pupil should know about 1.850 Kanji .
By the late 1940s he was concentrating on his composing career .
By the mid 16th century it had become the capital of a very large empire .
By this time Franklin was suffering from cancer of the ovary .
By this time he was increasingly sick with cancer of the liver .
By this time the Portuguese and the Dutch won many areas of Sri Lanka .
Byrd Station was the only big base in the interior of West Antarctica for many years .
C. albicans biofilms readily form on the surface of medical devices .
C. elegans is about 1 mm long .
C.P.E. Bach is often credited as composing the first truly classical piano sonata .
C.S. Lewis wrote a book called Perelandra where Adam and Eve were on the planet Venus rather than the classic Garden of Eden .
C0 is geometric mean of A0 and B0 .
CASTAWAYS Jonathan Shearer Jonathan Won Castaway Francie Smee Francie Was Second On Castaway Alasdair Humberston Alasdair Was Third On Castaway Catherine Ball Catherine Entered On Day 15 And Was Fourth On Castaway Wendie Mitchell Wendie Was Voted Off By The Viewers Alister Cooling Alister Was Voted Off By The Viewers Catrin Lye Catrin Entered On Day 58 Winning Cast Me And Was Voted Off By The Viewers Kenneth Rose Kenneth Was Voted Off By The Viewers Joe Chicken Joe Was Voted Off By The Viewers Erica Hurst Erica Was Voted Off By The Viewers Gemma Zinyama Gemma Was Voted Off By The Viewers Hassan Kobeissi Hassan Was Voted Off By The Viewers Lucinda King Lucinda Was Ejected By The Other Castaways After She Was Caught Stealing A Packet of Crisps Clare Hilley Clare Was Voted Off By The Other Castaways Jason Ross Jason Was Voted Off By The Other Castaways
CATW is an international NGO having Category II Consultative Status with ECOSOC with branches in many world regions .
CBS aired the taped interview later that week .
CCS has been translated into English by a company named Nelvana .
CCS was created by a team of artists named CLAMP .
CCS was created in 1996 .
CERCLA says that all radionuclides are carcinogens .
CH has been a local TV station in Hamilton since 1954 .
CHS has been accredited by the North Central Association since 1967 .
CPR can be done at different levels .
CPR is normally started on a person who is not breathing and is unconscious .
CRIA is governed by a board of directors who are elected annually by CRIA members .
CRTs can also be used as particle accelerators .
CSOR was created in 2005 .
CSS code is saved in files with the .
CSS version 3 is currently being worked on .
CSUN belongs to the California State University system .
Caan escaped via another temporal shift .
Cabara is a commune .
Cabarrus County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Cabarrus County is part of the local Centralina Council of Governments .
Cabbage is eaten many ways around the world .
Cabbage is green and red .
Cabbio is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Cabell died of a cerebral hemorrhage .
Cabell is now forgotten by most people but his work affected later writers of fantasy fiction .
Cabell published about fifty books .
Cabell was born into a wealthy Virginian family .
Cabell was the oldest of three boys .
Cabell worked from 1898 to 1900 as a newspaper reporter in New York City .
Cable television is a way of letting people watch television without having to get signals from an antenna .
Cables are sometimes made of aluminium because it is cheaper than copper .
Cabo Corrientes is a cape on the Pacific coast of Mexico .
Cabot Panthers Golf team has won multiple titles in the past 2 decades .
Cabourg is a commune .
Cabrillo Beach is located next to the Los Angeles Harbor and is only a short boat ride away from Catalina Island .
Cabrillo has two separate beach areas
Cabris is a commune .
Cacao and rice are produced in the western part of the province .
Cache coherence is a special case of memory coherence .
Cache coherence is there to manage such conflicts and maintain consistency between cache and memory .
Cache is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Cache is also usually an abstraction layer that is designed to be invisible from the perspective of neighboring layers .
Cache soon became standard usage in computer literature .
Caches usually use what is called a backing store .
Caching is a term used in computer science .
Cachoeira do Sul is a Brazilian city of the state of Rio Grande do Sul .
Cadarsac is a commune .
Cadaujac is a commune .
Caddo County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Caddyshack is an 1980 sports comedy movie that was produced by Douglas Kenney and was directed by Harold Ramis .
Cademario is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the Swiss canton of Ticino .
Cadempino is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Cadigan sold her first professional science fiction story in 1980 .
Cadigan was a student at the University of Massachusetts and the University of Kansas .
Cadiz is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Cadmium as a metal is very rare but is found in one place in Russia .
Cadmium bromide is a chemical compound .
Cadmium bromide is a very pale yellow solid .
Cadmium bromide is made by reacting cadmium with bromine or by reacting cadmium or its oxide with hydrobromic acid and evaporating the solution in helium .
Cadmium chloride and cadmium sulfate are colorless solids that dissolve easily in water .
Cadmium chloride is a chemical compound .
Cadmium chloride is a colorless solid .
Cadmium compounds are chemical compounds that have cadmium ions in them .
Cadmium fluoride is a chemical compound .
Cadmium fluoride is a gray solid .
Cadmium fluoride is slightly soluble .
Cadmium has 8 natural isotopes .
Cadmium iodide is a chemical compound .
Cadmium iodide is a white or pale yellow solid .
Cadmium iodide was used as a medicine although it was toxic .
Cadmium is a highly toxic metal .
Cadmium is a metal .
Cadmium is a moderately reactive metal .
Cadmium is also taken by precipitating it from the solution of zinc sulfate used to make pure zinc by electrolysis .
Cadmium is boiled first .
Cadmium is not used in the human body or any other animal .
Cadmium is still used to electroplate steel to prevent corrosion .
Cadmium is taken from the zinc metal by heating the zinc metal in a vacuum .
Cadmium is used in some solder .
Cadmium ores are rare .
Cadmium oxide is a chemical compound .
Cadmium oxide is made by burning cadmium in air or reacting an alkali with any soluble cadmium salt .
Cadmium oxide is used in electronics as a transparent conductor .
Cadmium sulfate is a chemical compound .
Cadmium sulfate is a white solid .
Cadmium sulfate is used to electroplate cadmium on electronic circuits .
Cadmium sulfide is a chemical compound .
Cadmium sulfide is a yellow orange solid .
Cadmium sulfide is bright yellow .
Cadmium sulfide is found around some bacteria that reduce sulfate to sulfide .
Cadmium sulfide is made several different ways .
Cadmium sulfide is only found in two rare minerals .
Cadmium sulfide is used as a yellow pigment .
Cadmium telluride is a black solid .
Cadmium telluride is a chemical compound .
Cadmium telluride is used to make electricity in solar cells .
Cadmium was found by two separate people at the same time .
Cadmium yellow is the name of the pigment .
Cadro is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Caecilians are the only order of amphibians which only use internal insemination .
Caecilians completely lack limbs .
Caernarfon is a small town on the north coast of Wales .
Caesalpinioideae is a subfamily of the flowering plant family Fabaceae .
Caesar raised the pressure further by ordering his as yet uninvolved third line to relieve the front ranks .
Caesar urged his men to capture the enemy camp .
Caesarion is probably the son of Julius Caesar .
Caesars Palace is owned and operated by Caesars Entertainment Corp. .
Caesium 137 is an isotope of caesium .
Caesium formate is used in oil drilling because of its high density .
Caesium forms compounds with many other chemical elements .
Caesium has at least 39 known isotopes ranging in atomic mass from 112 to 151 .
Caesium is a rare element .
Caesium is an alkali metal .
Cafe has over 200 seats and those seats are composed of indoor and outdoor .
Caffeine also has medicinal properties .
Caffeine also is a diuretic .
Caffeine can also hurt people if they drink a lot at once .
Caffeine can be a very dangerous drug when not used in the right way .
Caffeine comes from other plants as well .
Caffeine is a stimulant drug .
Caffeine is in many drinks and foods .
Caffeine is sometimes given to people after a lumbar puncture .
Caffeine is the main drug that is in coffee .
Caffeine overdose is a medical diagnosis .
Caffiers is a commune .
Cafiero chose the exile in the small town of Chiasso .
Cagliari Calcio is a football club which plays in Italy .
Cagliari also has a port .
Cagnicourt is a commune .
Cahagnes is a commune .
Cahagnolles is a commune .
Caid was especially popular in rural areas .
Caid was the name given to several ancient and traditional Irish football games .
Caille is a commune .
Caillou is a Canadian television show based on the series of books .
Cairns Army Airfield is located to the south of Daleville on the road to nearly Clayhatchee .
Cairns is an important travel destination for tourists because it is warm all year round and is near many attractions .
Cairo has a population of 7.7 million people .
Cairo is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Cairon is a commune .
Caitlin is a female given name .
Cajvana is a town of Suceava County in the southern part of Bukovina in Romania .
Cal Poly Pomona was founded in 1938 when an entrepreneur named W.K. Kellogg gave his Arabian horse Ranch as a gift to the California State University .
Calabria is a region of the south of Italy .
Calafat was started in the 14th century by Genoese colonists .
Calais is a commune .
Calamba City is the regional center of CALABARZON .
Calamba is also an important modern industrial center in the CALABARZON region as shown by the large number of industrial parks and business estates that are located in the city .
Calanhel is a commune .
Calcio Catania is a football club which plays in Italy .
Calcio Como is a football club which plays in Italy .
Calcio Lecco 1912 is a football club which plays in Italy .
Calcio Padova is a football club which plays in Italy .
Calcium bromate is a chemical compound .
Calcium bromate is a colorless solid .
Calcium carbonate is used as a calcium supplement .
Calcium carbonate is usually the main cause of hard water .
Calcium chloride is a chemical compound made of calcium and chlorine atoms .
Calcium chloride is melted at a high temperature and electrolyzed to produce calcium metal .
Calcium compounds are also important in chemistry .
Calcium compounds are chemical compounds containing calcium ions .
Calcium compounds are colorless .
Calcium compounds are not toxic unless the anion is toxic .
Calcium ions are important to cells and too many calcium ions can be bad .
Calcium ions is very important for all organisms .
Calcium is a chemical element .
Calcium is part of calcium oxide .
Calcium is toxic as an element .
Calcium is used in the reduction of other metals .
Calcium metal is made by electrolysis of melted calcium chloride .
Calcium nitrate is a colorless solid .
Calcium nitrate is made by reacting calcium hydroxide or calcium carbonate with nitric acid .
Calcium nitrate is used in fertilizers to add nitrogen to the soil .
Calcium nitride is a chemical compound .
Calcium oxide is a chemical compound composed of calcium ions and oxide ions .
Calcium permanganate can be used as a rocket propellant .
Calcium permanganate is a chemical compound .
Calcium permanganate is a dark purple solid .
Calcium phosphate is a chemical compound .
Calculators are found everywhere .
Calculus is a branch of mathematics which looks at things that change over time .
Calculus is used to describe things that change such as Nature .
Caldwell County is a county in the state of North Carolina .
Caldwell County is part of the local Western Piedmont Council of Governments .
Caldwell is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Caledonian Stadium is a Scottish football stadium .
Calgary has a famous event called a rodeo every year .
Calgary has cold winters .
Calhoun County is a county in Alabama .
Calhoun County is a county in Arkansas .
Calhoun County is a county in Florida .
Calhoun County is a county in Georgia .
Calhoun County is a county in Iowa .
Calhoun County is a county in Michigan .
Calhoun County is a county in Mississippi .
Calhoun County is a county located in South Carolina .
Calhoun County is a county located in the U.S. state of Texas .
Calhoun County is a county located in the U.S. state of West Virginia .
Calhoun is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Calibrachoa is a Solanaceae suitable for pot plant .
Calico Rock is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
California Jaguars is a former soccer club which played in United States .
California State Route 2 is the major highway that runs through the San Gabriel Mountains .
California governor Jerry Brown was once mayor of Oakland .
California has more people than any other state in the United States .
California is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
California is a large state in the western United States .
California is a major power in American culture as well as the business life of the nation .
California is probably the state with the most ethnic groups .
Californian wine making took a long time to recover .
Californication is a 2007 American television series .
Californication is the seventh studio album by American alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers .
Californication was created by Tom Kapinos and stars David Duchovny as Hank Moody .
Californium does not have many uses .
Californium is a chemical element .
Californium is a transuranic element .
Californosaurus was named by Kuhn in 1934 .
Caligula is a 1979 historical film directed by Tinto Brass .
Caligula worked to increase the authority of the emperor .
Call and Response is a remix album by rock band Maroon 5 .
Call of Duty 3 is a first person shooter video game .
Callac is a commune .
Callaway is a city of Florida in the United States .
Callender is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Calligraphy in the Western world was always considered a minor art .
Calligraphy is the art of writing .
Calling a rape crisis center or hotline can help a victim find help .
Callisto has long been considered the most suitable place for humans to settle for future exploration of the Jovian system .
Calmar is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Calorguen is a commune .
Calpiogna is a municipality of the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Calumet City is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Calumet is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Calvert City is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Calves are exported to the United States of America .
Calvin Baker is an American writer .
Calvin Klein Inc. is an American fashion brand founded in 1968 by Calvin Klein .
Calvin and Hobbes have all sorts of trouble and adventures .
Calvin catches him with a string and a tuna fish sandwich as bait .
Calvin hates school and homework so much .
Calvin hates this .
Calvin is a 6 year old boy .
Calvin meets Hobbes in the first story .
Calvin often appears one of his many imaginary personalities .
Calvin often cuts short these calls .
Calvin usually wears a shirt with red stripes on it .
Calvin was a French exile in Geneva .
Calvinism belongs to the Reformed tradition of Protestantism .
Calvinists believe that God chooses the humans who were going to go to Heaven and those who were not .
Calypso is a small moon of Saturn .
Calypso was the daughter of Atlas .
Calzones are made from pizza dough and filled with mozzarella and ricotta cheese .
Camanche is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Camargo is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Camarsac is a commune .
Cambligneul is a commune .
Cambodia also has a mystical tattoo called a yantra tattoo that is popular with soldiers .
Cambodia attended its first Olympic Games in 1956 and participated in two more before warfare and civil strife interrupted its attendance .
Cambodia has border issues with Vietnam and Thailand over lost territories .
Cambodia has foreign relations with most nations .
Cambodia is also building a satellite city next to Phnom Penh which is called Camko City .
Cambodia is also one of the most corrupted nations in the world and has been pressured by international communities to fix it .
Cambodia is one of a few nations with good relations with both Koreas .
Cambodia managed fourth in soccer in the 1972 Southeast Asian games .
Cambodia national football team is the national football team of Cambodia .
Cambodia or Kampuchea is a country in Southeast Asia .
Cambodian culture has also influence Thai and Laos culture .
Cambodians also eat a red curry noodle soup with rice vermiclle noodles .
Cambodians celebrate the Cambodian New Years in April .
Cambremer is a commune .
Cambridge Heath railway station is in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets in east London .
Cambridge United F.C. is a football club which plays in England .
Cambridge is a city in England .
Cambridge is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Cambridge is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Cambridge is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Cambridgeshire is a county in England .
Cambrin is a commune .
Camden County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Camden County is part of the local Albemarle Commission .
Camden is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Camel rides across the desert are also offered .
Camelids have been domesticated by humans for about 5000 years .
Camelin is a commune .
Camellia japonica is the state flower of Alabama as well as the city flower of the Chinese municipality Chongqing .
Camellia sinensis is of major commercial importance because tea is made from its leaves .
Camellia species are used as food plants by the larvae of a number of Butterflies species .
Camellias have a slow growth rate .
Camels are mammals of the Camelidae family .
Camels are ruminants .
Camels do not chew their food very well before swallowing .
Camels form the genus Camelus .
Camels have adaptations that help them live in deserts .
Camels have been domesticated by humans for about 5000 years .
Camembert is a village in France .
Cameron is a town of Wood County in the state of Wisconsin in the United States .
Cameron led the Conservatives through the 2010 general election where it received the highest share of the vote and more seats than any other party but did not win the majority of seats needed to form a government .
Cameron won three Stanley Cups in his career .
Cameroon is a country in west Africa .
Cameroon national football team is the national football team of Cameroon .
Camiers is a commune .
Camignolo is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Camille was often ill with tuberculosis when he was very small .
Camiran is a commune .
Camko City is being constructed by Korean companies to modernize Phnom Penh so as to make it appealing to foreign investors and businesses .
Camorino is a municipality of the district of Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Camouflage is a form of deception .
Camouflage is disguise for something normally visible .
Camp Nou is a football stadium used by FC Barcelona .
Camp Rock is a 2008 movie made by the Disney Channel .
Camp Rock is the soundtrack of the movie .
Camp Zama is a United States military base in Kanagawa prefecture in Japan .
Campagna is a small town in the region of Campania in Italy .
Campagnolles is a commune .
Campania is a region of the south of Italy .
Campbellsburg is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Campbellsville is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Campello is a municipality of the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Campo Grande International Airport serves Campo Grande and all of Mato Grosso do Sul State and the Federal University of Mato Grosso do Sul is in Campo Grande .
Campo Grande is a city in Brazil .
Campo Grande is home to the official headquarters of the Western brazilian Army .
Campo Grande is the capital of Mato Grosso do Sul State of Brazil .
Campo Grande is the capital of the state
Campton is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Campugnan is a commune .
Campus radio is a type of radio station that is run by the students of a college or university .
Campylobacter is a bacterium .
Campylobacter is the most common bacterial cause of diarrhoeal illness .
Campylobacteriosis has been found to be more common during the summer months .
Campylobactor jejuni was also thought to be associated with peptic ulcer syndrome .
Canada Command works with the United States Northern Command to ensure national security and the defense of the North American continent .
Canada Day is an official holiday in Canada celebrating its anniversary of Confederation .
Canada Dry is a brand name belonging to a company that produces beverages .
Canada also has an army and a navy .
Canada also has an army and an air force .
Canada also has an navy and an air force .
Canada became better known as a country after its success in capturing Vimy Ridge from the Germans in France in 1917 .
Canada contains some of the very last untouched boreal forest in the world .
Canada has a government called a constitutional monarchy .
Canada has lots of natural resources .
Canada has six time zones .
Canadian County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Canadian English is different from other forms of English in its spoken form also .
Canadian English is the type of English that is used by Canadians .
Canadian Tire has their own kind of money which distinguishes the company from other retailers in Canada .
Canadian football is football generally played in Canada and follows much the same general rules as American Football .
Canadian soldiers fought in World War I for the British Empire .
Canadians also fought in World War II .
Canberra is the capital city of Australia .
Cancer also means crab .
Cancer can affect anybody at any age .
Cancer is a class of diseases or disorders .
Cancer is a leading cause of death .
Cancer is one of the biggest and most researched causes of death in developed countries .
Cancer is one of the twelve constellations of the zodiac .
Cancer is small and the stars are dim .
Cancerous cells are often quite weak .
Candice Michelle came to WWE as a contestant in the 2004 Diva Search .
Candida albicans is a yeast which causes oral and genital infections in humans .
Candida albicans is the most common species .
Candida yeasts are common in most people .
Candiru are parasites .
Candlemass is a doom metal band from Sweden .
Candles are expensive and the amount of light that they give is small .
Candleshoe is a 1977 Walt Disney Productions live action movie .
Candleshoe is loosely based on the Michael Innes novel Christmas at Candleshoe .
Candy can also be made at home .
Candy is found in almost any store as they are made by many companies .
Caneggio is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Canettemont is a commune .
Canidae is a family of carnivorous and omnivorous mammals of the order Carnivora .
Caniformia is a suborder of the order Carnivora .
Canine teeth are found in mammals .
Canlers is a commune .
Cannibal Corpse is an American Death metal band .
Cannibalism is the practice of eating your own species .
Cannibalism sometimes happens when the animal is coming out of hibernation .
Cannon Street is one of seventeen UK railway stations managed by Network Rail .
Canon began as the Precision Optical Instruments Laboratory .
Canon is now an international company .
Canonisation means saying that someone is a saint .
Canons can also be described according to the intervals between two voices .
Canons can be described according to distances between the entries of the voices .
Canopic jars were used to store the internal organs of a mummy in ancient Egypt .
Canouan is a island in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines .
Canowindra is also known as the Balloon Capital of Australia .
Canowindra is on the Belubula River .
Cantabria has a reputation for a rainy and cool climate .
Cantaron is a commune .
Canteens are most used for carrying water to places where water is hard to find .
Canteleux is a commune .
Cantenac is a commune .
Canterbury Cathedral is one of the oldest and most famous churches in England .
Cantois is a commune .
Canton became a city in 1822 .
Canton is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio and the county seat of Stark County .
Canton is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Cantor proved that there are many different infinite cardinal numbers that are bigger than .
Cantril is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Canvas is a thick material usually made of woven cotton .
Cao Cao gathered an army in 184 to fight against the Yellow Scarves rebellion .
Cao Cao saved him in 196 and brought him to his own place at Xuchang .
Capacitors come in many sizes .
Cape Agulhas is the point in Africa which is farthest south .
Cape Canaveral is a city of Florida in the United States .
Cape Charles is a town of Virginia in the United States .
Cape Fear is a large headland that goes into the Atlantic Ocean from North Carolina in the southeastern United States .
Cape Hatteras is a cape on the coast of North Carolina .
Cape Horn is the most southerly of the great capes .
Cape May is a great place for bird migration .
Cape Morris Jesup is located at the northern tip of Greenland .
Cape Morris Jesup is the northernmost point of land in the world .
Cape Romano was also the spot where Hurricane Wilma made its first U.S. landfall in October 2005 .
Cape Romano was the spot where Hurricane Wilma first reached land in the U.S. October 2005 .
Cape Schanck was named by Lieutenant James Grant in December 1800 after Admiral James Schank .
Cape Town is the legislative capital of South Africa .
Cape Verde had the status of Portuguese colony until 1951 when Portugal changed its status to Overseas Province and in 1961 Portugal gave full citizenship to all Cape Verdeans .
Cape Verde has a young population with an average age of 23 years .
Cape Verde has been independent from Portugal since 5th July 1975 .
Cape Verde is a country in Africa .
Cape Verde national football team is the national football team of Cape Verde .
Cape Verdean culture is a unique mixture of European and African elements .
Cape York Peninsula is one of the few places where tropical water cycles remain unchanged .
Cape York is the northern most point on the Australian continent .
Capecchi received his PhD in biophysics in 1967 from Harvard University .
Caper bush is present in almost all the countries and is included in the floristic composition of most of them but whether it is indigenous to this region is uncertain .
Capes are often used as rain wear in various military units and police forces .
Capes have had periodic returns to fashion .
Capian is a commune .
Capillaritis is where the capillaries are larger than should be .
Capillary action also takes place inside the human body .
Capillary action is a result of the surface tension of liquids .
Capital of this state is Chennai .
Capitol then became the exclusive record label for the Beatles in America .
Caplong is a commune .
Capolago is a municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Capra is a genus of the subfamily Caprinae and the family Bovidae .
Capri pants are a type of pants .
Capriasca is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Capron is a town of Virginia in the United States .
Caps lock is a key that you press to make letters that you are typing on a keyboard switch to capital letters .
Capsaicin has also been recently shown to have prostate cancer fighting effects .
Capsaicin is a chemical substance .
Capsaicin is also used in modern Western medicine to stimulate blood circulation or to relieve pain .
Capsicaicin is also the main agent in pepper spray .
Capsicum fruits and peppers can be eaten raw or cooked .
Captain America is a fictional superhero from the Marvel Comics .
Captain Hook is a fictional pirate from the book Peter Pan by J. M. Barrie and the movie of the same name .
Captain Jack Harkness is a fictional character in the British television series Doctor Who and Torchwood .
Captain James Cook is given credit for discovering the islands for the Europeans in 1778 .
Captain James Cook sighted Manuae on September 23 1773 .
Captain Keyes went with several Marines to destroy a take or destroy a supply of Covenant Weapons .
Captain Moonlight gave himself up to the police .
Captain Vancouver explored the area around Vancouver and Vancouver Island in the 1790s .
Captieux is a commune .
Capybaras are not endangered .
Capybaras live in grassy wetlands or close to rivers in many parts of South America .
Car Rental is when you rent a car .
Car rentals are subject to many conditions which vary from one brand to another .
Carabbia is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Carabietta is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Caracals are the fastest of the small cats .
Caracals live in Africa and West Asia .
Caracas is the capital city of Venezuela .
Caracas is the center of the economical activity of the country and also hosts the main government offices .
Caravans must travel via oases so that supplies of water and food can be refilled .
Carbon absorbs heat from the sun .
Carbon dioxide has carbon in it .
Carbon disulfide is very flammable and is also toxic in large amounts when breathed in .
Carbon fixation is a process by which gaseous carbon dioxide is converted into a solid compound .
Carbon forms a very large number of organic compounds because it can form strong bonds with itself and with other elements .
Carbon has atomic mass 12 and atomic number 6 .
Carbon is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Carbon is also in some meteorites .
Carbon is in many places in the universe .
Carbon is the fourth most common element in the sun .
Carbon makes many types of compounds .
Carbon monoxide can be used as heating fuel because it burns easily into carbon dioxide .
Carbon monoxide is so very useful so lots of ways of making it have been discovered .
Carbon paper is a special kind of paper that can be used for copying .
Carbon tetrachloride is very toxic to the liver and so is used to test for medicines that protect the liver .
Carbonation is a solution that forms when carbon dioxide is dissolved in a liquid .
Carbondale is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Carcagny is a commune .
Carcans is a commune .
Carcassonne became a border citadel between France and Aragon .
Carcharodontosaurus was a giant carnivorous dinosaur of Cretaceous period .
Carcharodontosaurus was closely related to Giganotosaurus as they are both carcharodontosaurid carnosaurs .
Carcinogens are substances that cause cancer .
Carcoar is a Aboriginal word from the Gundungura people meaning either frog or kookaburra .
Carcoar was once one of the most important government centres in Western New South Wales .
Card Sharks aired on NBC from 1978 to 1981 and was hosted by Jim Perry .
Card Sharks was a game show airing from 1978 to 2001 .
Card can also mean a flat board that holds parts for a computer .
Cardamom has a strong taste and an intense smell .
Cardamom is best stored in pod form .
Cardamom is used for two herbs related to ginger .
Cardcaptor Sakura is a manga series from Japan .
Cardcaptor Sakura is shown in many countries around the world .
Cardcaptor Sakura is sometimes abbreviated as CCS .
Cardiac arrest occurs when the heart stops beating .
Cardiff City F.C. is a Welsh football club who play in Cardiff .
Cardiologists are different from cardiac surgeons who do cardiac surgery .
Cardonville is a commune .
Carency is a commune .
Carey Means is an american voice actor .
Carey is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Cargo cult is name given to several religions .
Carl Bosch helped to develop the Haber process for industry .
Carl Hubbell and Hal Newhouser are the only pitchers to win more than once .
Carl Nielsen was the 7th in a family of 12 children .
Carl Orff took 24 of them as Carmina Burana .
Carl learned music from his father .
Carlinville is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Carlisle is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Carlisle is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Carlisle is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Carlsile United F.C. is an English football team in Football League One .
Carlsville is an unincorporated community of Door County in the state of Wisconsin in the United States .
Carlyle is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Carmen is a French opera written in 1875 by Georges Bizet .
Carmen is about a gypsy girl who works in a factory .
Carmi is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Carmina Burana is the name given to a collection of texts form the 11th and 12th century .
Carmine is the general term for a particularly deep red color .
Carnarvon has a warm to hot dry climate .
Carnarvon has had three tramways .
Carnatic music is completely religious .
Carnegie Hall is a concert hall in New York .
Carnival Ride 3 .
Carnival can sometimes last for several weeks .
Carnival of Carnage 3 .
Carnivores that eat mainly or only fish are called piscivores .
Carnivores that eat mainly or only insects are called insectivores .
Carnotaurus was a predatory dinosaur that lived 70 million years ago .
Carnvorous plants are plants which get nutrients from trapping and eating animals .
Caroline died 20 November 1737 .
Caroline gave stylish parties .
Caroline held George on a string .
Caroline of Ansbach was the Queen Consort of the Kingdom of Great Britain during the reign of her husband George II of Great Britain .
Caroline once called him the Greatest Ass the world has ever known .
Carolyn later wrote a memoir .
Carona is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Carpe diem is a famous phrase from one of the poems of Horace .
Carpenter is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Carpets can be many different sizes .
Carpets originated in Central Asia .
Carpiquet is a commune .
Carpooling is sharing a car with other passengers to help share the cost of the gasoline .
Carrabelle is a city of Florida in the United States .
Carradine starred in major motion pictures and several important awards were awarded to him .
Carrara and Massa made up the Duchy of Massa and Carrara from the 15th to the 19th century .
Carrelli made his WWE debut on the April 16 edition of WWE Raw under the name of Santino Marella .
Carriage return is the name of a computer character that directs a printer or screen display to return to the start of a line when printing or displaying text .
Carrie is a novel by Stephen King .
Carrion is an important source of food for several kinds of carnivores and omnivores .
Carrion is sometimes eaten by foxes .
Carrion is the carcass of a dead animal .
Carroll is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Carrollton is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Carrollton is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Carros is a commune .
Carrot cake more closely is a quick bread in method of preparation .
Carrots are a type of plant .
Carrsville is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Cars are not allowed to drive on Langeoog .
Cars are usually painted in this way .
Cars are usually parked side by side in a car park .
Cars may be loaded onto the trains as freight .
Carson Cistulli is a poet and a journalist .
Carson City is the capital city of the American state of Nevada .
Carson started writing when he was a child .
Carstens joined the Nazi Party in 1940 .
Carstens was well known for hiking around Germany during his term in order to decrease the gulf between politics and the people .
Cartels are bad for the economy in general and for their customers who are overcharged .
Carter County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Carter Lake is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Carter studied at Yale University .
Carter writes in free verse and in traditional forms .
Carteret County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Carteret County is part of the Eastern Carolina Council of Governments .
Carterville is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Carthage and Rome warred three times .
Carthage at the time was in a poor condition .
Carthage is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Carthy has also worked with many other musicians .
Cartier sailed to what is now Canada in 1534 .
Cartilage is the hard substance that the body uses to connect bones together .
Cartography is making maps .
Cartography is part of geography .
Cartomancy is the study of reading cards for fortune telling or divination .
Cartoon Network is an international cartoon television channel for children owned by Turner Broadcasting .
Cartoons were also made to design tapestry .
Carver became interested in writing in California .
Carver included some of his own writing under pen names .
Carver is considered a major American writer of the late 20th century .
Carver received his B.A. in 1963 .
Carver was a professor in the English department .
Carvin is a commune .
Casals formed a trio with the pianist Alfred Cortot and the violinist Jacques Thibaud .
Casals showed enormous talent for the cello .
Casals supported the Spanish Republican government .
Casals taught his pupils to play with a free bowing arm .
Casals was also a composer .
Casals was always very proud of being a Catalan .
Cascade is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Cascade is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Cascoplecia is the genus of a very old fly that lived in the Early Cretaceous and was found in amber .
Casey Stengel was a famous baseball player and manager .
Casey is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Casey is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Cash registers are usually found in stores and restaurants .
Cash thought that Bessie Clifford was with another man .
Cash was sent to Norfolk Island for ten years .
Cash was sentenced to death by hanging .
Cashmere wool is wool from Cashmere goats .
Casineria was a tetrapod which lived 340 million years ago in the Mississippian .
Casineria was at or very near the origin of the amniotes .
Caslano is a municipality of the district Lugano in the Swiss cantons of Ticino .
Casper is an American city in the state of Wyoming .
Cassandra was a part of the important Leigh family .
Casselberry is a city of Florida in the United States .
Casseuil is a commune .
Cassiopeia and her husband Cepheus asked an oracle what to do .
Cassiopeia is a constellation in the northern sky .
Cassiopeia was a woman in Greek mythology .
Cassiopeia was very beautiful but also very arrogant and vain .
Cassiterite is a mineral .
Cassius converted to the school of thought founded by Epicurus .
Cassius returned to Rome two years later .
Cassowaries have three toes on each foot .
Cassowaries in zoos have lived for up to 60 years .
Cast iron is an alloy of iron .
Castagniers is a commune .
Castalia is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Castana is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Castanets are percussion instruments which come from Spain .
Castanets are traditionally played by singers and dancers .
Castanets are used in pairs .
Castaway 2007 Was A Reality Tv Show On BBC In 2007 .
Castel San Pietro is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Castelviel is a commune .
Castilly is a commune .
Casting Crowns is a Grammy Award winning Christian Rock band .
Castleford is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Castlegar is located in the West Kootenay region in British Columbia .
Castlegar is the second largest location in the West Kootenay region .
Castles began in Europe in the 9th and 10th centuries .
Castles were not made to protect the community .
Castling can be done on either side of the board .
Castling is a special move in chess that uses both a rook and the king .
Castoreum appeared in medicine until the 1700s .
Castoreum has been used in Scandinavia for adding flavor to cookies .
Castoreum is also used to add to the flavor and smell of cigarettes .
Castoreum is the liquid released from the castor sacs of the beaver .
Castoridae is a family of rodents .
Castration also figured in a number of religious castration cults .
Castration is commonly performed on domestic animals not intended for breeding .
Castres is a commune .
Casual sex means some types of sexual activity outside of a romantic relationship .
Caswell County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Caswell County is part of the local Piedmont Triad Council of Governments .
Caswell County was made in 1777 from the northern part of Orange County .
Cat balance 7 .
Catalonia is part of Spain .
Catalysts are either of natural or synthetic origin .
Catalysts are useful because they leave no residue in the solution they have speeded up .
Catalysts that speed the reaction are called positive catalysts .
Catania is a city in the region of Sicily in Italy .
Cataplexy is a medical condition .
Cataplexy often affects people who have narcolepsy .
Catapults use weights and levers to send the rocks or other things into the air .
Catarrh is a thick fluid of mucus and white blood cells caused by the swelling of the mucous membranes in the head because of an infection .
Catastrophes were thought to be the main cause of the changes seen in the record of the rocks and fossils .
Catawba County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Catawba County is part of the local Western Piedmont Council of Governments .
Catch Me if You Can is a 1980 book by Frank Abagnale .
Catch That Kid !
Catcher Doug Allison in 1870 was the first ever to wear baseball gloves .
Categories and articles listing events by year .
Categories of templates grouped by namespace are listed here .
Category about the articles education in Pakistan .
Category of districts in Switzerland .
Category of usernames that are under community change restrictions .
Category theorists show how different ideas in mathematics are the same .
Category theory can be used to make computer programs more secure or easy to write .
Category theory is a type of mathematics .
Caterpillars are an important source of food for birds and other invertebrates and many species help dead animals and plants decompose .
Caterpillars that feed on Aristolochiaceae species become poisonous .
Catfish are a group of teleost fish .
Cathay Pacific Limited is an airline from Hong Kong .
Catherine married Anthony Indelicato in 1992 .
Catherine nor Mary ever did .
Catherine the Great wanted a Russian theater to be built .
Catherine was born in 1485 as the youngest child of Isabella I of Castile and Ferdinand of Aragon .
Catherine was taught music by Henry Manox when she was 15 years old .
Catholic kings ruled the country .
Catholicism often means the Roman Catholic Church .
Catholics traditionally take a name of a patron saint to help them throughout their life .
Catleap 17 .
Catlettsburg is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Catoosa is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Cats are sometimes called kitty or pussycat .
Cats are very clean animals .
Cats which roam outside will get fleas at some time .
Catscratch is a cartoon television show that aired on Nickelodeon and Nicktoons Network from 2005 to 2007 .
Cattle are animals which are mammals and belong to the genus Bos .
Cattle are native to most tropical and subtropical parts of the world except Australia and New Zealand .
Cattle are very useful animals .
Cattle have very strong tongues and strong lower front teeth that help them to eat grass .
Cattle raising is also very important .
Caucourt is a commune .
Caucuses are slightly different in different countries .
Caudipteryx was a small feathered dinosaur .
Caudrot is a commune .
Caulaincourt is a commune .
Caulfield Junction Post Office opened in 1923 and is still open .
Caulfield Post Office opened on 1 January 1863 and closed in 1974 .
Caulfield has an football team playing in the Southern Football League .
Caulfield is a Premium Station .
Caulfield is best known as the location of Caulfield Racecourse and the Caulfield campus of Monash University .
Caumont is a commune .
Causality is a way to describe how different events relate to one another .
Caussols is a commune .
Caution and professional assistance is recommended whenever dry ice is in use .
Cauvicourt is a commune .
Cauvignac is a commune .
Cauville is a commune .
Cavagnago is a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Cave City is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Cave City is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Cave Story is a freeware video game released in 2004 for PC .
Cave art is the best known feature of the Cantabrian life .
Cave paintings are paintings on cave walls and ceilings .
Cavendish also won the 2005 European championship points race .
Cavendish entered the 2010 Tour de France .
Cavendish said he was inspired by Millar .
Cavendish worked in a bank for two years after leaving school .
Cavergno is not a free municipality anymore after merging with the village Bignasco to form the municipality Cevio .
Cavers also have to climb and crawl through the passages .
Cavers usually go into caves with four or more people .
Caves can generally be explored during any season of the year .
Caves can have beautiful formations in them such as stalagmites and stalactites .
Caviano is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Caviar is a luxury food .
Cavigliano is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Cavignac is a commune .
Caving today has become a hobby for many different reasons .
Cayenne is the Capital of the French Province of French Guiana .
Cayman Islands national football team is the national football team of Cayman Islands .
Cazats is a commune .
Cazaugitat is a commune .
Cell division in the hair matrix is responsible for the cells that will form the major structures of the hair fiber and the inner root sheath .
Cells know when they should die and can trigger reactions to end their life cycles in many ways .
Cells must have the right amount to function properly .
Cellular respiration shows the different ways cells make energy from food molecules .
Celsus translated the Greek word carcinos into the Latin cancer .
Center field is straight ahead from home plate .
Centers often coordinate with outside programs such as 211 .
Centrifugal compressors are used in small gas turbine engines or as the final compression stage of medium sized gas turbines .
Ceramic hair irons are believed to be gentle to the hair .
Certain actions that are thought of as taboo are against the law in certain countries .
Certain age groups dance round a May pole celebrating youth and the spring time .
Certain bananas have other colors when ripe .
Certain drugs can cause hallucinations .
Certain forms of epilepsy can cause hallucinations .
Certain grenades are fired from rifles or specially made grenade launchers .
Certain kinds of drugs that act on the nervous system are sometimes loosely classified .
Certain mental illnesses can also cause hallucinations .
Certain of the incisor teeth are pulled out .
Certain operating systems use paging to get virtual memory .
Certain species reached over 2.5 meters in size .
Certain substances are changed to GHB in the stomach .
Chadwick became professor of physics at Liverpool University in 1935 .
Chadwick was knighted in 1945 .
Chadwick worked with a young scientist called Charles Ellis .
Chalmers ended up giving cars to both players .
Chalmers was a leading philosopher before he was 30 years old .
Chambi is famous for the historic and social value of his photographs .
Chambi learned the basic techniques from a photographer at the Santo Domingo Mine .
Chambi tried to work as a professional photographer after this .
Chambi was an apprentice in the studio of Max T. Vargas .
Chan became disorientated halfway down .
Chan fell 10 metres onto rocky ground .
Changes from Castaway 2000 Was Castaways Were voted Off The Island 1 By 1 .
Changes were made to make the sport safer .
Changing his clothes fixed it .
Channel Five in the UK and Network Ten in Australia have bought the rights to this television series .
Chapman waited around until they returned .
Chapter 14
Chapter 5
Chapters get and train their own recruits separately .
Characters are listed in alphabetical order .
Charity or school events are often organised on Pancake Day .
Charlemagne ordered the building of a cathedral in 786 AD .
Charles Augustus joined Prussia in the wars against France .
Charles Constantin headed the company in 1936 .
Charles Darwin was a naturalist .
Charles Felix died in 1831 after a reign of ten years .
Charles I was held prisoner at the castle in 1647 .
Charles Tupper was the person who was seen as the real leader .
Charles and Frank served in the navy .
Charlotte is a well known clothing designer and owns several clothing stores .
Chase wanted to perform from a very early age .
Chase was awarded the 2003 Best Villain award at the MTV Movie Awards .
Chase won an Annie Award for this in 2003 .
Chasms and gorges form a network that cut through the rocky platforms on the plateau .
Check out Mount Augustine !
Chef drives up in his stationwagon and asks the boys if they saw the space ship flying over South Park last night and tells stories about aliens performing anal probes .
Chess players moved there en masse around 1740 .
Chester Greenwood invented the earmuffs when he was 15 .
Chidambaram and Srirangam are very big and fine examples of temples of Tamil people .
Chief and the Arbiter part ways with Chief hiding out on a fleeing Covenant ship and the Arbiter and his followers returning to High Charity in an attempt to save it from the Flood .
Chiffon cake is another good example .
Children do not have to fast .
Children have the same family name as one or both of their parents .
Children in schools had to continue to use ordinary ink pens .
Children today usually do not play tricks if they do not get treats .
Children under 18 can also create pieces of work and earn money off of them .
Children were taken from their mothers and either killed or dispersed to Catholic orphanages .
Children who want to play in the National Youth Orchestra have to be able to play their instrument very well .
Chili peppers are of great importance in Native American medicine .
Chima is a skirt which is usually worn full .
China become poorer and weaker because of this .
China gives Chinese patents .
China makes the most cadmium .
China started trading with a number of other countries .
China was on the side of North Korea .
Chinantequilla is located in the municipality of Totontepec .
Chinese also use fresh or dried basils in soups and other foods .
Chinese culture dates back thousands of years .
Chinese production is concentrated around Dalian .
Chitral keeps a military base in Arandu to guard against an attack by Afghanistan .
Chlorine compounds are chemical compounds containing chlorine ions .
Chloroacetic acid or Silver nitrate are sometimes used .
Chloroquine kills the Plasmodium in the blood .
Chop chicken and serve with steaming hot rice and chili sauce .
Chopin and Liszt also wrote Tarantellas .
Chopin really shows his genius in these pieces .
Chorney played four seasons of college hockey at the University of North Dakota .
Choudhary Rahmat Ali proposed the name Pakistan in his Pakistan Declaration in 1933 .
Christian Zeeman may also have been the model for the hero of the story .
Christian artists often draw angels playing harps in Heaven .
Christian beliefs about Mary are based on the Bible .
Christian texts do not explicitley talk about God being three .
Christianity believes that sin can be passed on from the parents to their children .
Christians and even people who are not Christians dress very nicely and go to church on Easter Sunday .
Christians believe he tempts people to do bad things .
Christians believe that Easter is the holiest day in the year .
Christians believe that Jesus was killed on the cross about 2000 years ago by the Romans in a city called Jerusalem .
Christians believe that through faith in God they are spiritually made alive with Jesus so that they may lead a new life .
Christians had lived in peace during most of the rule of Diocletian .
Christmas .
Chromatic harmonicas have a button which moves a sliding bar .
Chromium compounds are chemical compounds containing chromium ions .
Chronic means the pain lasts a long time .
Chronology is the science of locating events in time .
Chuckwagons are carts with four wheels pulled by horses .
Chucky has been described by Viswanathan Anand as the most eccentric player in the chess world .
Church used lambda calculus in 1936 to give a negative answer to the Entscheidungsproblem .
Cigarette smoking is the most important source of cadmium .
Cities in Australia .
Cities in Brazil .
City Court Judge Seymour Robinowitz married the couple in the law office of Sam Slavitt .
City hall was built around Rore Tower in 1515 .
City has 26 universities some of them are 1 .
Civil law is based on legislation that is found in constitutions or statutes passed by government .
Civil law is the legal system used in most countries around the world today .
Civil society is the people and groups that are not part of government that try to protect people against human rights abuses and try to protect freedom of speech and other individual rights .
Clapton also sings the lead vocals .
Clark Kent is immediately attracted to Lana but her boyfriend at the time Whitney wants Clark to stay away from her .
Classical Tamil literature is varied .
Classical music of Tamil people is carnatic music .
Claude Debussy lived with the family for a time as a music teacher to her daughters .
Claudius makes some poisoned wine for Hamlet to drink in case that does not work .
Clause 4 prevented slavery in the United Kingdom .
Clean all dirt under fingernails .
Clerke took command of the ship after Captain Cook was killed at Kealakekua Bay on February 14 .
Click on englisch at the left side below the blue line to use the catalogue in english .
Clifton beach suffered from a recent oil spillage but the beach has been cleaned .
Climatologists have said this is a good description of the climate change that happened in The Levant after the last ice age .
Climbing carabiners are very strong .
Clones of the Republic could easily overcome these droids .
Clothes are not just for keeping warm !
Clothing fashions that keep coming back in style are known as classics .
Club soda is a clear drink that is sometimes used to help remove stains from clothing .
Coaching stock of British Rail .
Coal and petroleum tar has a pungent odor .
Coal mines are dangerous because of flammable gases like methane that can accumulate .
Coal of a medium quality is also found .
Coal tar is listed at number 1999 in the United Nations list of dangerous goods .
Coastal areas are moderated somewhat by the Atlantic Ocean .
Coastal marshes may be associated with estuaries and along waterways between coastal barrier islands and the inner coast .
Cobalt compounds are chemical compounds containing cobalt ions .
Cobham got into a lot of trouble and was given a less important job .
Codes and simple messages give some people the courage to show their true feelings to the person they love .
Coeliac disease sufferers and other people who are sensitive to gluten and other allergens may need to be careful how much xanthan gum is in their food .
Coffee comes from a tree .
Cohen is Jewish .
Coherence defines the behavior of reads and writes to the same memory location .
Coins were made that were worth 5 li and bigger values .
Coins were minted here for Ethelred II and five other Saxon kings .
Cold blooded animals such as turtles are particularly vulnerable as are their hatchlings .
Cold seeps and hydrothermal vents are the only known communities that do not rely on photosynthesis for food and energy production .
Cole and his family refused to leave and lived in the house without problems .
Cole earned more money and moved to California .
Cole often performed in places that only admitted white people .
Cole said he tried to take legal action against those places but often failed .
Cole was the first black man to have his own television program .
Coleslaw and sauerkraut are popular foods that use cabbage .
Colin Greenwood played bass guitar .
Colledge won Super Bowl XLV in 2011 with the Packers .
College Bookstores was previously owned by company chairman Leonard Riggio .
Cologne may be used by men or women .
Colors and symbols are important .
Columbia was another name for North America .
Columns of Union men charged across the fields into the same fire they had received the day before .
Colvin spent the next thirty years working and studying in France .
Combustion lets out a lot of carbon dioxide .
Comic strips posted on the internet are web comics .
Coming in with his boxing skills .
Comments Influenced by Balochi .
Comments Muslim .
Comments The Oraon people came from India over 100 years ago .
Commerce with Haiti is also an important economic activity in the city .
Commercial distribution of packaged raw milk is not allowed in most US states .
Commercial farming in Zambia is starting to make more money .
Common law is based on the decisions made by judges in past court cases .
Common mafic rocks include basalt and gabbro .
Commonly used abbreviations for the county are Warks or Warwicks .
Community is a broad topic with many subcategories and areas of interest .
Community relations managers work closely with local schools and groups for the promotion of literacy and the arts .
Companies that make and send radio programming are called radio stations .
Compared to liquids and solids gases have a very low density and viscosity .
Compass was first invented in China .
Competing theories state that saffron only returned to France with 8th century AD Moors or with the Avignon papacy in the 14th century AD .
Complete darkness is only possible at absolute zero .
Complex means that it is composed of more than one cell type .
Complications are problems that happen because of a disease .
Composers like Machaut wrote canonic music .
Composers liked to write music for two groups of musicians placed in opposite galleries .
Composers of the Baroque period often composed a group of several dances .
Composers started to write their music down on music staves .
Composers such as Johann Sebastian Bach wrote suites which were collections of dance movements .
Composers such as Mozart and Schubert also wrote a lot of music which was for dancing or easy listening .
Composers writing marches in classical music may imitate the sound of military bands by using these instruments .
Composers wrote concertos .
Composition is a way to make a new arrow out of two arrows .
Compound machines are made up of two or more simple machines .
Comprehensive list of the recordings made .
Compression of a gas naturally increases its temperature .
Computer hardware may be connected in a different way .
Computer memory is used as an intermediate store .
Computer programming languages .
Computer rooms are available for use computers and printer if the rooms has any vacancies .
Computer scientists are people who in computer science .
Computer screens are made of a raster of points .
Concepts and technology of electrically propelled railways and railroads .
Concrete block masonry is rapidly gaining in popularity as a comparable material .
Confectioneries and liquors also often include saffron .
Conflict between members of one family or between different families is often central to the storyline .
Congress and the people of D.C. often do not agree on what is best .
Conifer is the common name for the plant division Pinophyta or Coniferae .
Conjugation has advantages over other forms of genetic transfer .
Conjugation is a convenient means for transferring genetic material to a variety of targets .
Consent is when someone agrees of their own choice without being forced to .
Consequently within most classifications there is a range of impairment .
Consider the problem of desiging a sample to predict the result of an election poll .
Construction began in March 1950 .
Construction began quickly .
Construction took 300 days .
Construction took just 82 days .
Continentality of a climate essentially amplifies from the West on the east .
Controlled burning is practiced by the national park in consultation with traditional owners who have used fire as a land management tool for thousands of years .
Convection currents are the cause of almost all weather on Earth .
Convectional rain happens in places of the world that are hot and wet .
Convective rainbands can form parallel mountains on their windward side .
Convicts who did more crimes were also sent there .
Cook has performed in many major arenas like the Madison Square Garden .
Cook learned mathematics and navigation from Walker .
Cook was not just a normal seaman .
Cooke died in 1964 .
Cooke started his own record label and publishing company .
Cooking it quickly destroys the meal .
Coolidge was president during a prosperous economy and the country did not face many challenges .
Cooperation between the United States and the Soviet Union made it possible for resolutions to pass in the United Nations Security Council and gave Iraq a deadline to leave Kuwait .
Copies of the mixed master can be played on an ordinary machine .
Copland also wrote music for several major motion pictures .
Copland later wrote the music for two ballets about the American West .
Copland spread his ideas about music in other ways .
Copland stopped composing at the end of the 1960s .
Copland used music from American cowboy songs in this work .
Copland was a strong supporter of liberal ideas .
Copper compounds are chemical compounds containing copper ions .
Copper in the crystals gives the tourmalines a bright turquoise color that had never been seen before in the gems .
Copper is still its main export .
Coppi died of malaria in 1960 at the age of 40 .
Coprecipitated aluminum salts of naphthenic and palmitic acids .
Corn is the staple food of Cape Verde .
Corruption is also very common on the island .
Cortana discovers Captain Keyes is still alive .
Corticosteroids such as Prednisone are often used to treat sarcoidosis .
Cory runs off in tears .
Cotton first became interested in playing music when he heard Sonny Boy Williamson on the radio .
Cotton started working with the Muddy Waters Band in 1955 .
Couch had a BB gun to shoot the balloons and start going down on that first flight .
Couch used plastic bags filled with 75 liters water as weight to balance the balloons .
Count Basie recorded a famous version .
Countdown .
Countdown and The Music Trend .
Counties in Florida .
Counties in the U.S. state Delaware .
Counties in the U.S. state of Iowa .
Counties in the U.S. state of Kansas .
Counties in the U.S. state of Michigan
Countries bordering Panama are Costa Rica in the Northwest and Colombia in the Southeast .
Countries in the Middle East .
Couric has two daughters .
Couric received a colonoscopy on live television in March of 2000 .
Courier services are also available .
Couture also acted in the movie The Expendables as Toll Road .
Couture is a common abbreviation of haute couture .
Coventry and Warwickshire are sometimes treated as a single area and share a single NHS trust and ambulance service as well as other institutions .
Cowboys also race with chuckwagons at the Stampede .
Cowboys or drovers would herd the cattle along the roads to the cattle markets in big towns .
Cowcross Street will be pedestrianised .
Cows that have a lot of milk are used as dairy cows .
Cows usually make more milk than they need for one calf .
Crane 15 .
Crassus and his generals were murdered .
Crawford climbed the mast and nailed the colors to the top .
Crawford was born in the east end of Sunderland .
Creators or inventors are sometimes called fathers .
Creighton started his National Hockey League career with the Boston Bruins in 1948 .
Cricket is very popular in Maharashtra .
Crime rates began to drop greatly in the 1990s .
Crockett did not have an easy childhood .
Crockett was born in Tennessee .
Crocodile hunters often made use of the bush skills of Aboriginal people .
Crocodile hunting which has been banned since 1972 made a huge impact on crocodile numbers .
Crocodiles can also live in fresh water .
Crocodiles can lie very still for up to one hour .
Crosscultural Communication Institute was also transfered to KUIS at the same time .
Crow is a generic term for about 40 different kinds of birds .
Cruel Intentions was a small hit at the box office .
Crusaders took it to Europe and North Africa .
Cruz on the north and Barangay Tambubong in Bocaue on the west .
Crystal Springs reservoir is formed by the fault itself .
Crystals of garnet are often large and pretty .
Cuba calls for the lifting of the Gaza blockade and reaffirms its solidarity with the Palestinian people .
Cugel the Clever in those books is very similar to Jurgen .
Culture and society are important to anthropology .
Cupcakes are also made this way .
Curie did many great things .
Currently all Christian Churches agree on how the date is calculated .
Currently he lives in Brussels .
Currently most of the residents are Roman Catholic .
Currently the council is controlled by the Labor Party .
Currently the escarpment rises 330 metres above the plateau and stretches 500 kilometres along the East edge of the park and on into Arnhem Land .
Currently the label has a contract with the All American Rejects and other artists .
Currently the three principal parties have seats in the National Assembly .
Currently the urbanization has taken all the area of Ponta Verde and many important events and shows of the city have happened there .
Currently they have no children and live in Germany .
Curry is also eaten with rice or French bread in Cambodia .
Curtis later stated that the comment was intended as a joke .
Curved features are important in traditional hanbok design .
Cut the dough into 10 to 12 squares .
Cutting tools are tools designed to cut materials or objects .
Cuvier had shown that extinction of species had definitely taken place .
Cycling fans can also have the opportunity of riding around the famous boards as well .
Cyclones and hurricanes do not occur around Easter Island .
Cyprus stated its belief that NGOs must be allowed to do their work freely and lawfully .
Cyrus claimed the city by walking through the gates of Babylon with little or no resistance from the drunken Babylonians .
Cyrus devised a plan to use the Euphrates as the mode of entry to the city .
DCO aamer jan is promation of sports
DDT used in Africa may go to Europe .
DDT was completely banned in Canada in 1989 .
DDT was first used in World War II .
DDT worked very well for vector control .
DEC was one of the pioneer technology companies in Kanata .
DIC cut out some scenes and changed some of the dialogue to make it more acceptable for children .
DIN A4 is half the size of DIN A3 .
DNA analysis shows that the ratites diverged from one another too recently to share a common Gondwanian ancestor .
DS games use cards in Slot 1 .
DS is also the first online Mario Kart title .
DSL is a Live CD with a size of 50 MB .
DSL supports only x86 PCs .
DSL was originally conceived and maintained by John Andrews .
DST was introduced in many countries to use the extra daylight available during summer .
Da Nhay Beach is a beach on the shore of South China Sea .
Da Nhay in Vietnamese means the rocks that jump .
Daastaan Imaan Farooshoon Ki is one book in Urdu written by Althamash that says very good things about Saladin .
Dacarbizine is a type of drug used to fight cancer .
Dacca was then the legislative capital of Pakistani Bengal provincial region .
Dachau was founded in the 8th century .
Dachshund fur comes in many colors .
Dacia was the place where Dacians lived .
Dad Khan Jarwar is a town and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan .
Dade City is a city of Florida in the United States .
Dadra and Nagar Haveli is a territory in India .
Daegu has a climate that is a lot like most of Korea .
Daegu has a famous herbal medicine market .
Daegu is also famous for having Daegu Stadium where the World Cup tournament was held in 2002 .
Daegu is one of the hottest cities in Korea .
Daegu is the fourth largest city in South Korea .
Daegu was the known for apples in Korea before 1990 .
Daemons are evil spirits of Chaos that have come into our universe to destroy stuff .
Daffy Duck is a cartoon character from the Warner Bros. cartoons .
Daft Punk is a band from France .
Daft Punk spent six weeks on their third album .
Daft Punk use computers to make their music .
Dagda is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1992 .
Dagneux is a commune .
Dagon was a small fishing village centered about the Shwedagon Pagoda .
Dagtse Dzong overlooks the roads to Yerpa and Ganden Monastery to the east .
Daignac is a commune .
Daihatsu cars and trucks are notable for their rugged construction and high level of finish .
Dainville is a commune .
Dairy cattle are kept specially for milking .
Dairy products are foods that are made from animal milk .
Daisuke Takahashi is a figure skater from Japan .
Daisy Duck is a character of the duck produced by Walt Disney .
Daisy Duke is a character from the Dukes of Hazzard .
Daisy Duke is popular among the woman though the number of appearance of movies is little .
Dakar is the capital city of Senegal .
Dakar was one of the major cities of the French Empire during this time .
Dakinis are associated with energy .
Dakota City is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Dalai Lama is the title of Tibetan Buddhism leader .
Dalaman is a town in southwestern Turkey .
Dalarna is a province in Sweden .
Dale Jarrett retired in 2008 and now does Commentary for ESPN .
Daleks were created by writer Terry Nation and designed by BBC designer Raymond Cusick .
Dallas Center is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Dallas City is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Dallas Tornado is a soccer club which plays in United States .
Dallenwil is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland .
Dallon is a commune .
Dalmatia is a region of the Balkan Peninsula along the Adriatic Sea .
Dalpe is a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Dalton Gardens is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Daluis is a commune .
Daly City is a city in the U.S. State of California .
Damage was limited to 10 km of remote beaches and coastline .
Daman and Diu is a territory in India .
Damascus also holds an annual international trade exposition in the fall since 1955 .
Damascus is a town of Virginia in the United States .
Damascus is thought to be one of oldest cities in the world that still has people living in it .
Damascus used to play an important role as an important trade center .
Damblainville is a commune .
Damien Rice is an Irish rock singer .
Dammard is a commune .
Damn Small Linux or DSL is a free operating system for the x86 family of personal computers .
Damphreux is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Dampleux is a commune .
Dams generally serve the primary purpose of retaining water .
Damselflies are insects in the order Odonata .
Damson is a kind of plum .
Damvant is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Damvix is a commune .
Dan Aykroyd is a dedicated Blues fan .
Dan Brown also likes to write about codes and secrets .
Dan Brown lives in the United States .
Dan Brown said that the answers to those puzzles give hints about what would be in his next book .
Dana is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Danaini is a tribe of butterflies .
Danaus at www.funet.fi
Danaus is a genus of butterflies .
Danaus is in the family Nymphalidae .
Danbury is a city of Connecticut in the United States .
Danbury is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Dance Dance Revolution is a series of video games made by Konami in which players step on arrows on a large pad or mat to match the arrows on screen .
Dance Flick is a dark comedy spoof film by the Wayans Brothers .
Dance can be used to tell a story .
Dance is an art .
Dance is when people move to a musical rhythm .
Dance music had to have a regular beat so that the dancers could dance in time .
Dance music is music that is made to be danced to .
Dance music was probably the first kind of music there was .
Dance of Death is an album by Iron Maiden .
Dancing is done for fun .
Dancing with the Stars is a rhythm game made by Zoe Mode with other help from Activision .
Dancing with the Stars is a television series where professional dancers are partnered with celebrities .
Danelectro was founded by Nathan Daniel in 1947 .
Danestal is a commune .
Dangerous is an album by Michael Jackson .
Dangeul is a commune .
Dania Beach is a city of Florida in the United States .
Daniel Alfredsson is the current captain of the Ottawa Senators .
Daniel Bedingfield is a New Zealand born British singer and songwriter .
Daniel Boone was an American explorer and frontiersman .
Daniel Dennett is a philosopher and scientist who believes in reasonable thinking and atheism .
Daniel Lanois is an important singer himself and helped the band U2 with its music .
Daniel is a Hebrew given name for males and a surname .
Danish Kaneria is a Pakistani cricketer .
Danizy is a commune .
Danjuro Ichikawa is especially famous kabuki actor .
Dannes is a commune .
Danny Alexander was born in Edinburgh and first became an MP at the 2005 General election .
Danny Phantom is an animated television series on the Nickelodeon cable network .
Danny Woodhead at nfl.com
Dante and the Divine Comedy have been a source of inspiration for artists for almost seven centuries .
Dante gave his imprint to the Stil Novo .
Danubio F.C. is a football club which plays in Uruguay .
Danville is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Danville is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Danville is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Danville is a city of Virginia in the United States .
Danville is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Dany Heatley is a canadian ice hockey player for the San Jose Sharks .
Daphnis is a moon of Saturn .
Dar es Salaam continued to be its capital .
Dar es Salaam has tropical weather conditions .
Dar es Salaam is located on a large harbor on the Eastern Indian Ocean coast of Africa .
Dar es Salaam was at one time called Mzizima .
Dar es Salaam was the capital city of Tanzania until 1996 .
Dardanelle is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Dardanelles is a narrow strait in northwestern Turkey connecting the Aegean Sea to the Sea of Marmara .
Dardenac is a commune .
Darfur has an estimated population of 7.4 million people .
Dargai is a town in district Charsadda .
Darien is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Dario Gradi is a football manager .
Darius allowed Jews to rebuild the Temple of Solomon in Jerusalem .
Darius died in Persepolis .
Dark Floors is a 2008 horror movie .
Dark Horse Comics is an American company that creates comic books and manga .
Dark Horse also publishes comics by artists who own their own settings .
Dark Horse creates many comics based on other peoples characters and settings .
Dark energy is the name given to the force that is believed to be making the universe get bigger .
Dark soya sauce is the ideal accompaniment .
DarkBASIC is a programming language that is very easy to create games in so people do not need to worry about DirectX .
Darkly Dreaming Dexter is a 2004 book written by Jeff Lindsay .
Darkness is when there is very little light .
Darkthrone is a black metal band from Norway .
Darky Underwood was shot and killed in 1832 .
Darlington F.C. is a football club which plays in England .
Darmstadt is the place of its discovery .
Darmstadtium is a chemical element .
Darmstadtium is a radioactive element that does not exist in nature .
Darth Maul has also been in many books set in the time period just before the Clone Wars .
Darth Maul is a fictional character from the Star Wars universe .
Darth Maul is the first known apprentice of Darth Sidious .
Darth Maul was played by Ray Parks in the movie .
Darth Vader got his mask to cover his face .
Darth Vader is a character from the Star Wars universe .
Darth Vader wears a black uniform and a black cape .
Dartmoor has many very old buildings .
Dartmouth University is a defunct institution in New Hampshire which existed from 1817 to 1819 .
Darts is a type of throwing game where darts are thrown on a circular target held on a wall .
Darts was first played around the 1870s .
Darwin also has a large military base .
Darwin is the territorial capital of the Northern Territory in Australia .
Darwinism is a term used to talk about different ideas connected to those Charles Darwin had about evolution .
Darya Khan is a town and tehsil of Bhakkar District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan .
Daryn Colledge at nfl.com
Dash is a very popular kid in the school .
Dash vault 27 .
Dashi is a simple soup stock used in Japanese cooking .
Dasori is a town and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan .
Dasypogonaceae is a botanical name of a family of flowering plants .
Dasyuridae is a family of marsupial carnivores .
Data loss can sometimes be prevented by creating a backup copy .
Data migration is a term computer scientists and economists use when they speak about moving data from one location to another .
Data mining is a term from computer science .
Data mining is about finding new information in a lot of data .
Data structures are often optimised for certain operations .
Data structures determine the way in which information can be used .
Datta emerged from the water naked in the company of a beautiful woman .
Dattatreya left home at an early age to wander naked in search of the Absolute .
Daubechies wavelets are a family of orthogonal wavelets named after Belgian physicist and mathematician Ingrid Daubechies .
Dave Fortman is an American music producer .
Dave Grohl lived most of his early life in and around Washington DC .
Dave entered anyway and went on to win the Royal Rumble .
Davenport is a city of Florida in the United States .
Davenport is a city of eastern Iowa in the United States .
Daverdisse is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg .
David Allen Aardsma is an Major League Baseball pitcher .
David Bowie left Berlin in 1980 .
David Bowie settled in Los Angeles .
David Brandes is a German songwriter and producer .
David C. Jewitt is a Professor of astronomy at the University of Hawaii Institute for Astronomy .
David Cameron studied at the University of Oxford .
David Chalmers was born in 1966 .
David Copperfield is the title of a famous novel by Charles Dickens .
David Doyle QC is the First Deemster of the Isle of Man .
David Haye is a British boxer .
David Herman was born in New York City and raised in Washington Heights .
David Hume was another philosopher who looked at the relation between cause and effect .
David Miliband was born in London .
David Moyes is a former Scottish football player .
David Rocastle was a football player .
David Sheepshanks is the former chairman of the English association football club Ipswich Town F.C. .
David Soul played the character of Ken Hutchinson in 82 episodes between 1975 and 1979 .
David Souter is a member of the Supreme Court of the United States .
David Stancliffe .
David Todd Rawlings is a United States guitarist .
David Wayne Toms is a professional golfer that plays on the PGA Tour .
David again refused .
David and Jennifer decide to try to stop the game anyway and try to leave the island .
David and his classmates began to create new actions to train themselves .
David attended her 21st birthday in December 2006 .
David believed that France should not have a monarchy and instead it should be a Republic .
David cursed Joab for murdering Abner and said that he did not join in the killing .
David fought a battle with a giant soldier called Goliath .
David is then arrested by the FBI and taken to NORAD to answer charges of espionage .
David later became King of Israel .
David saw he was guilty and was very sorry .
David throws away the evidence of his calling Joshua but the computer calls David back .
David told Saul that he would use his slingshot instead .
David was influenced by his father .
Davis City is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Davis is a city in the state of Oklahoma in the United States .
Dawlish Warren is a small seaside resort .
Dawson Springs is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Dawson is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Daxter then receives a bug sidekick named Tik .
Daxter was very well received by critics .
Day is a US Federal Holiday .
Daylight Records is an American record label .
Days are equal to 24 hours .
Days of Thunder is a 1990 auto racing movie that was produced by Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer and was directed by Tony Scott .
Dayton is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Dayton is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Dayton is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Dayton is a large city in the American state of Ohio .
Dayton is a town of Virginia in the United States .
Daytona Beach Shores is a city of Florida in the United States .
Daytona Beach is a city of Florida in the United States .
Ddeokboki is a Korean rice cake with spicy red pepper sauce and vegetables .
De Launay ordered his guards to stop shooting and he gave up the fortress .
De Vries stated that he would tell all on a special television program on Dutch TV on February 3 .
DeAnda is of Mexican descent .
Dead tissue can then be scraped off .
Dear Boy was in context with Oldowan tools and animal bones .
Death from chlorine gas was very painful and you suffocated after suffering from a burning pain in your chest .
December and January are the coolest months and July and August are the warmest .
Decisive defeat of Persian forces at the battle of Nineveh .
Decoration of the southern wing was completed by Ramesses II .
Decorative sashes may pass from the shoulder to the hip rather than around the waist .
Deduction is a special way of thinking to discover and prove new truths using old truths .
Deep River Waterpark in Indiana has ice skating thanks to cooling pipes that were added under their plaza .
Defenses are camouflage and fangs .
Deflection causes a ball to travel not in a straight line in the direction it was struck .
Deflection is an undesirable effect from the use of sidespin .
Degas influenced Cassatt .
Degeneracy results from symmetry in the system .
Deism was also influenced by rationalism .
Democracy was replaced with a dictatorship .
Dempsey died in 1983 .
Dempsey knocked Tunney down in the seventh round .
Dempsey retired in 1928 .
Dendara was her most well know .
Denkova and Staviski are known for being pioneers of dance lifts .
Denkova and Staviski have withdrawn from the Grand Prix events they were scheduled to attend .
Department of International Communication was set up in 2001 .
Department of overseas student and Millennium House were established in 2000 .
Depending on how this element is selected the sorting can take more time or less .
Depending on the temperature it may fall as sleet or snow .
Deposits of oxygen and other gases are trapped in the lake as well .
Deposuit potentes de sede et exaltavit humiles .
Depression happens most often in people between the ages of 13 and 60 years .
Depression in children is harder to notice .
Depression is usually treated with a combination of medication and other therapy .
Depression that is not treated may get worse .
Designer labels on accessories are perceived as an indicator of social status .
Designers are people who make things .
Despite an intensive search we can not find them reproduced in the mainstream scientific literature .
Despite being a Hindu majority city Patna also has many Muslims and many Masjids .
Despite not having a downtown the city continued to grow and the pace of the growth increased in the 1970s .
Despite the differences between these schools Naginata martial art has at its base the art of wielding one of the most original weapons and the goal of developing traditional etiquette and spiritual training of a person .
Details for early rulers are uncertain with the first definite dates available from 1839 CE onwards .
Determined to succeed he tried again in 1958 and then in 1964 .
Deval Patrick is the current Governor of Massachusetts .
Devices that record and playback audio and video using magnetic tape are generally called tape recorders and video tape recorders respectively .
Devil facial tumor disease has greatly reduced the number of devils and now threatens their survival .
Devoted to Younger Negro Artists .
Di Resta also entered some races of Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0 with the Manor team .
Di Resta also won the 2006 BP Ultimate Masters at Circuit Park Zandvoort .
Di Resta finished seventh in the standings with one race win .
Di Resta has tested for the McLaren Formula One team in 2009 .
Di Resta started his career in karting .
Diaghilev also used music which had already been composed .
Diaghilev succeeded in getting him out for a North American tour in 1916 .
Diagnose means to learn if a person has a disease .
Dialectic .
Dialectical materialism is the idea that the history of humans is the history of conflict between classes .
Dialects may need separate literature .
Diamond is very famous for the things that he writes .
Diamonds are rare and are found largely in Africa .
Diamonds are the hardest natural mineral .
Diego Maradona made his international debut at Hampden Park and scored .
Dietrich Mateschitz had purchased a majority share in the team .
Different classes with different interests argue or fight each other .
Different combinations are used .
Different countries have different laws about nationalization .
Different execution threads communicate with one another usually to pass data as they work .
Different formats exist .
Different game shows use different games .
Different groups settled their differences to demand independence from Britain .
Different instructions can have different lengths .
Different kinds of information can be stored on the magnetic stripe .
Different monkeys eat different things .
Different notes are played when you blow or suck air .
Different numbers are used by different stock markets .
Different places have P. falciparum that is resistant to different medicines .
Different poles attract each other .
Different schools of Karate have different colors of belts for their ranks .
Different species of sage are grown as herbs and as ornamental plants .
Different spellings in English include felafel and filafil .
Different types of cattle are suited to different environments .
Different verbs change in different ways to make the past tense .
Different versions of the book are available .
Different writers give her different names .
Differential calculus is the process of finding out the rate of change of a variable compared to another variable .
Digestive upsets must be avoided .
Digital joysticks are easy for programmers to access .
Discovery reached the second place on the UK Charts .
Diseases of the nasal cavity include viral infections and nasal cavity cancer .
Dish owners could not use it until the 1990s .
Dismount 10 .
Disney also bought the land for Walt Disney World Resort in Florida .
Disney did not see Walt Disney World finished though because he died before it opened .
Disney died of lung cancer and was buried in 1966 .
Disney even provided the voice for Mickey Mouse for many years .
Disneyland was the first modern theme park .
Dispute grew between the barons and bishops and King John over taxes and disputes with the Pope .
Distributed shared memory systems mimic these mechanisms so that they can maintain consistency between blocks of memory in loosely coupled systems .
Diversity of hosts is a big factor .
Divide .
Diving kong 24 .
Do not confuse it with Canada .
Do same for other kits .
Do you speak Malay ?
Dobby is another important character in this book .
Doc and Marty go back to 1955 to undo the damage .
Doctor Hannibal Lecter is a fictional serial killer .
Doctor Mossman also worked at Black Mesa .
Doctors also use gamma rays to find disease .
Doctors also use tests to see if people have a disease .
Doctors and surgeons use many types of anesthetic gases so that patients who are being operated become unconscious .
Doctors can find some types of disease by measuring gamma rays which come from a patient afterward .
Doctors can give medicine to treat an STD .
Doctors can use machines which produce gamma rays in hospitals to treat people with some types of cancer .
Doctors choose the medicines by where in the world the person got malaria .
Doctors diagnose people sometimes just by symptoms .
Doctors fix this with a vaginoplasty .
Doctors sometimes use caffeine as a medicine .
Doing so starts off a series of events that will end up taking the World into World War III unless it is stopped .
Doing something that burns fuel will make carbon dioxide gas in the smoke .
Doing something that is known as a taboo is usually seen as a bad thing by the community or society .
Dolphins are common in the bay most of the year .
Domestic cats are found in shorthair and longhair breeds .
Domesticated carrots are grown for food in many parts of the world .
Domesticated oats appear later .
Dominant groups of people are Sahrawis and Tuareg .
Dominic is the patron saint of astronomers and the Dominican Republic .
Dominion is an old word often heard to describe Canada when it was part of the British Empire .
Don Burke the main presenter that works on the show conducted the episode from inside the bunker .
Donahue escaped and was not seen for several months .
Donahue recognized Sturt and told the others to let him go .
Donahue shouted at them to try to capture him .
Donald Duck is another famous creation .
Donald Regan resigned in 1987 .
Donald Trump is an example of a well known modern landlord .
Donaldson had risked his life to save nine wounded Australian soldiers and an Afghan interpreter .
Donaldson joined the Australian Army on 18 June 2002 .
Donburi is any Japanese dish served with rice in a bowl .
Donington Park in England is an example of a road course .
Donizetti learned a lot from Mayr and was always very grateful to him .
Doohan is considered by some to be one of the most friendly stars of the Star Trek franchise .
Doohan was also a veteran of World War II .
Dooku is slain by Anakin Skywalker on a rescue mission to free the Chancellor in Episode III Revenge of the Sith .
Dordrecht is often called Dort in English .
Dorie practices using magic .
Dormael offered him his first roles in films .
Dorsey High School plays at a Los Angeles football stadium named after him .
Dotted line represents approximately the Line of Control of Jammu and Kashmir agreed upon by the Republic of India and the Government of Pakistan since 1972 .
Double kong 23 .
Dougherty claimed that studio executives made her divorce him .
Dow University of Health Sciences .
Downes was Professor of Organ at the Royal College of Music from 1954 to 1975 and was the best known British organ teacher of his day .
Dozois has also agreed to write short fiction reviews for Locus .
Dozois has always said he was especially interested in adventure SF and space opera .
Dozois has mainly worked as an editor .
Dozois has mostly written short stories .
Dozois has said that one reason he started reading fiction was to escape his isolated home town .
Dr Abdul Hafez Jakhro MBBS 11 .
Dr Fitzgerald asked for a general election .
Dr Mazhar Ali Jakhro 3 .
Dr. Capecchi has also pursued a systematic analysis of the mouse Hox gene family .
Dr. Davis adopted Nancy as his daughter .
Dr. Hillery has a pleasant manner .
Dr. Joyce Brothers was one of the first women to host a national talk show .
Dr. Jur .
Dr. Kruszelnicki was awarded the Ig Nobel Prize for Interdisciplinary Research in 2002 .
Dr. Loyal Davis was a neurosurgeon .
Dr. Ludwig Guttmann of Stoke Mandeville Hospital hosted a sports competition for British World War II veteran patients with spinal cord injuries .
Dr. Mario appeared as an secret character in the Nintendo GameCube game Super Smash Bros. .
Dr. Radhakrishnan was critical of the way teaching of Western Philosophers .
Dr. Ride retired from NASA in 1987 to become a Science Fellow at the Center of International Security and Arms Control at Stanford University .
Dr. Safdar hameed is Incharge of civil Veterniary Hospital Kabirwala .
Dreadlocks are a common hairstyle of Rastafarians .
Dreyfuss was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 2008 following his election by the Veterans Committee .
Dried bananas are also ground into banana flour .
Dried beaver castor sacs are aged for two or more years .
Drinking a lot of water with lemon juice will protect the damaged liver cells .
Drivers may have to pay to park .
Driving is done on the left .
Droplets of water that are about 0.2 mm to 0.5 mm big are called drizzle .
Drugs containing Paracetamol became common in the 1950s .
Dry hands using a clean cloth or paper .
Dry ice does not occur naturally on earth but is man made .
Dry ice exposed to normal air gives off carbon dioxide gas that has no odor and no color .
Dry ice sublimes at normal air temperature .
Dry seasons are December to March and July to August and the rainy season from April to June .
Dry the hands with the sterile cloth and put on surgical shirt or dress .
Duccio was asked to carve a statue of David .
Dudley decided that the best way to fix all of the problems faced by the college was to change everything .
Dudley himself was praised for his politeness .
Dudley kept these ideas in mind and they affected everything he did for the rest of his life .
Dudley worked as a teacher .
Due to lack of evidence the three men were released without charge after each arrest .
Due to the fact it is made from brass it is often involved in what is referred to as a brass section alongside true brass instruments like the trumpet or trombone .
Due to the injury of Andreas Ulmer he was transferred to the first squad .
Due to their underground life the eyes are small .
Duff House Royal Golf course is bordered by the River Deveron and Duff House .
Dugongs are found in the coastal waters .
Dumbledore comes one night to tell him that he has magic and invites him to attend Hogwarts .
Dumbledore gives private lessons to Harry .
Dumbledore says no. .
Dumbledore thinks there is another Horcrux there .
Duncan and Banquo agree that the castle is sweet and pleasant .
Duncan is pleased by the news .
Duquenne received the prize for the role of a boy who has Down syndrome .
During 1873 it was moved to the Accademia Gallery in Florence to protect it from damage .
During Elizabethan times the threat of a Spanish invasion was avoided when the Spanish Armada was turned away at a nearby battle .
During Halo 2 the Covenant discovered Earth .
During Palm Sunday many Christians celebrate with Crosses made out of Palm leaves and by going to church .
During World War I Nijinsky was interned in Hungary .
During World War I the Vancouver Barracks had a lumber mill to cut spruce wood to make biplanes .
During World War II Hanau was almost completely destroyed by British airstrikes in March 1945 .
During World War II almost all of the old city was destroyed .
During World War II many soldiers arrived in the area to fight against the Japanese who were in nearby Burma .
During a minor cleaning in 1904 two slabs of marble near the altar were moved .
During a play it can become many kinds of places .
During air raids the crew and cast had to dodge into bomb shelters .
During binary fission a fully grown organism divides into two daughter cells .
During conjugation the donor cell provides a conjugative or mobilizable genetic element that is most often a plasmid or transposon .
During dry times the stilts live at the Coorong Lakes waiting for the salt lakes to flood .
During her last years she had a very serious illness called encephalomyelitis .
During her last years she was in a wheelchair .
During her time as Queen she had a lot of power .
During his capture he shot and killed a policeman .
During his education he focused on learning to become an teacher .
During his last years his sight was not very good .
During his orgasm he ejaculates semen from his penis into the vagina .
During his second term he was also state Secretary of Commerce .
During his stay in England he was made the assistant adjutant general of London when war started again with the French .
During his time in Afghanistan he was slightly wounded on 12 August 2008 .
During his time in America he learned a lot about organ building and listened to musicians playing baroque music .
During his time in OVW he was called Leviathan .
During his time in office he held the Department of Finance .
During its first years it was a monastic institution .
During its history Estonia has been ruled at times by Sweden and by Russia .
During recent times Pakistan has been in the center of world politics .
During that time he has scored one goal .
During the 1840s the bridge gained a reputation as a popular place for suicide attempts .
During the 1960s he bought land in the country near Cologne and had a house built there .
During the 1970s Stockhausen became even more popular .
During the 1970s and 1980s she had many Top Ten hits .
During the 1980s and 1990s many new buildings were put up .
During the 1980s many of the industries left Aarau completely .
During the 19th and 20th centuries most were replaced by ones made of glass .
During the 2012 Olympics it will also host games during the early stages of the Olympic football tournament .
During the Battle several Coastal Command and Fleet Air Arm units came under Fighter Command control .
During the First World War Casals lived in New York .
During the Renaissance and after it became fashionable for black boys and young men to be decorative pages .
During the Renaissance many Italian gardens had water organs .
During the Renaissance people began going to school and university more and learning more things .
During the Second World War de Beer again served with the Grenadier Guards reaching the rank of temporary lieutenant colonel .
During the Spanish Civil War it was difficult to keep the concerts going .
During the Third Reich the Gestapo watched and followed him .
During the World War I they were cut off from any contact with Russia .
During the concert he played in Moscow gunfire could be heard outside the hall .
During the dry season tidal action deposits silt along the river beds and banks .
During the exercise the men standing next to the targets are not allowed to move or wear body armor .
During the final three decades of his career his style of large scale bright Abstract Expressionism was also closely associated with Color Field painting .
During the history of Spain many different people have lived there .
During the last years of his life Bach composed several works which were based on canons .
During the next 3 years he escaped 3 times .
During the next 35 years he built a new city and populated it with artisans and craftsmen from all of the places he had conquered .
During the next two centuries it was burnt down twice .
During the peak of his music career Robbins won several Grammy Awards .
During the school holidays he looked after the geese .
During the space of 25 years he performed all the cantatas of J.S. Bach in London .
During the summer many people go to the lakes to water ski .
During the time of the Third Reich he was a minister for economics and the president of the Reichsbank .
During the wet season hunting stopped because the ground was too muddy to follow the buffalo and the harvested hides would rot .
During their courses they also have time to play chamber music together .
During these years they experimented with many new ideas .
During this dynasty Buddhism was introduced in China .
During this period he was first published and served as editor for the university literary magazine called Toyon .
During this period his fascination with chess so distressed his first wife that she glued his pieces to the board .
During this phase the hair grows about 1 cm every 28 days .
During this time composers were exploring many new ideas .
During this time he also used to wrestle as Fake Diesel .
During this time he met Franz Liszt in Weimar and he heard him conduct the music of Wagner .
During this time he met Richard Strauss in Berlin .
During this time many Azeris were killed by Armenian terrorists .
Dust of cadmium or its compounds is very dangerous and can kill .
Dyeing hair is to change the color of hair .
Dynamic passwords change as a function of time .
Dysentery causes stomach pains and diarrhoea and sometimes sickness .
EA designers have confirmed that John Madden will have a part in Madden 09 as the person describing instructions to the Madden IQ .
ECT uses a small amount of electricity to cause an epileptic seizure while the patient is under anesthesia .
ELI teachers and students disguise .
ELI teachers and students enjoy playing games .
ELI teachers and students wear yukata .
Each Hasidic group has a leader who is called the Rebbe .
Each High Court Registry is headed by a legally trained Registrar to give administrative and legal support for the working of the High Court .
Each Mahasiddha has come to be known for certain things .
Each Major Basilica has a throne for the pope and an altar that is specially for the pope to celebrate mass. .
Each NFC team plays the other teams in their division twice in the regular season .
Each Sailor Senshi has different powers .
Each area is called a canton .
Each army has many types of weaponry .
Each arrow goes from one dot to one other dot .
Each bar is a small amount of time .
Each bar usually has the same number of beats in it .
Each cache may be specialised to a different part of the task of executing programs .
Each caste was then divided into different groups according to importance .
Each character in the opera has his own musical leitmotif which can change and combine to show their changing moods and situations .
Each circuit has two phases .
Each conference is divided into three divisions with 5 teams .
Each country has its own patents .
Each daimyo had control over a part of the country .
Each dialect of Mixe is different depending on the village in which it is spoken .
Each district is divided into several tehsils and each tehsil is divided into several union councils .
Each fruit has many strings that run between the skin and the inner part .
Each game features two different racing modes .
Each grade has 60 students in it with a total of 660 students in the school .
Each group of ten men drew lots to decide who would die .
Each has a sharp claw .
Each has its own benefits and drawbacks .
Each have their own symptoms and causes .
Each hole has a different note .
Each horse represents what is usually called a thread of execution .
Each house in the settlement has a great panorama .
Each item in the game has a special way to hold it .
Each key can play a different range of notes .
Each landform has its own range of habitats .
Each level is for the trains leaving .
Each lichen is a flat patch bordered by a black line of spores .
Each manifold has a dimension .
Each minute that passes before the onset of the CPR measures lowers the chance of survival by about ten percent .
Each movement in a concerto also had one particular mood .
Each new Japanese era was usually started soon after the beginning of the reign of a new emperor .
Each new version of Game Maker added many new features .
Each of his parents were one of eight children .
Each of the Sailor Senshi uses magic powers to become a Sailor Senshi .
Each of the cars has its forte and is sometimes named after it .
Each of the node has one side bud .
Each of the two categories has a brief explanation .
Each of the two films ran over two hours .
Each of their limbs have little claws .
Each of them are for separate areas of health which they research .
Each of them has a transformation sequence where they turn into their Sailor Senshi form .
Each of these are different colors .
Each of these was divided into living and fossil barnacles .
Each of these ways is known as a database model .
Each of these wires may be covered .
Each one is different because weather is different in each place .
Each party is usually represented by a lawyer .
Each patent in each country costs money .
Each pedal has three places .
Each person has 2 or 3 light sources .
Each pickup may have different tonal qualities that results from its placement relative to the bridge and its components .
Each piece of music by Bach therefore has a BWV number .
Each piece of paper money is called a note .
Each plant has either staminate or pistillate catkins .
Each player can throw the dice once .
Each player is given four pieces and uses a specific color .
Each player moves pieces around a board .
Each player starts at 20 life points .
Each poffertje is quite small .
Each processor has its own machine code .
Each program began in the same way .
Each province and territory has a premier to lead its government .
Each pseudostem grows from a corm .
Each random variable has an expected value .
Each shot made through the basket is counted as two points .
Each shot must also be done in an established manner in order for points to be awarded .
Each side had three overall goals in this battle .
Each stage of the Park includes Aboriginal land under the Land Rights Act that is leased to the Director of National Parks or land that is subject to a claim to traditional ownership under the Land Rights Act .
Each step of the cycle has its own enzyme which speeds up the reaction .
Each string makes one note .
Each string sound is a different musical note .
Each successful free throw is worth one point .
Each syngen has two mating types .
Each team also plays 10 other games given to their schedule by the NFL in the April before .
Each team chooses its lineup at the start of the game .
Each team consists of six field players and one goalkeeper .
Each team has 4 players with 2 reserve players .
Each team has nine players .
Each team plays 16 games .
Each tells a story .
Each tube is about 30 centimeters long .
Each tube will end near one ovary .
Each was intended to have its own Business Center and unique culture .
Each year the area has two rainy seasons .
Eagles are thought as messengers between gods and humans .
Eagles have between one and three eggs per year .
Eagles have special things on their toes called spiricules that help them hold the fish more easily .
Eagles hunt during the day and have very good eyesight .
Earl Hooker died at the age of 41 from tuberculosis .
Earlham is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Earlier Gopurams were simple in construction .
Earling is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Earlington is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Earlville is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Earlville is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Early Roman scolars used the word vates to refer to all of them .
Early is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Early people may have come here because there was water available .
Early versions of the Daleks were rolled around on castors or moved by wheels connected to hand cranks by bicycle chains .
Earnhardt died in a crash during the Daytona 500 in 2001 .
Earnhardt is the son of the seven time Sprint cup champion Dale Earnhardt .
Ears also are used for other purposes .
Earth Angel is the name of a 1950s love song by the Penguins .
Earth is a terrestrial planet .
Earth is the only place in the Solar System where liquid water is known to exist at present .
Earth is the only place in the universe where life has been confirmed to exist .
Earth science may also be called geoscience .
EarthBound and its series has had a strong cult following in and outside of Japan .
Eartha Kitt was born in 1927 .
Earthquake Engineering Research Institute or EERI is a technical society in spreading of earthquake engineering research information both in the U.S. and globally .
Earthquake engineering is the study of the behavior of building structures subject to earthquake impacts .
Earthquake swarms are sequences of earthquakes striking in a specific area within a short period of time .
Earthquakes are measured with a seismometer .
Earthship does not require much external support to sustain itself .
Earwigs are about the same size as a peanut .
Earwigs eat pollen out from flowers .
Earwigs have thin back wings and two thick wings to cover the thin wings . .
Earwigs use their antennae for smelling and feeling .
East Africa is the most eastern region of the African continent .
East Bengal also used to be called East Pakistan until it became independent from Pakistan .
East Berlin was the name of the eastern part of Berlin between 1949 and 1990 .
East Coast Main Line is a electrified main line between London and Edinburgh in United Kingdom .
East Coast blues is a type of Blues music which needs fast fingerpicking and ragtime style .
East Dubuque is a city of Illinois in the United States .
East Fife F.C. is a football club which plays in Scotland .
East Hope is a city of Idaho in the United States .
East Karelia was not .
East Kilbride is a large suburban town in the South Lanarkshire council area of Scotland .
East Moline is a city of Illinois in the United States .
East Peoria is a city of Illinois in the United States .
East Peru is a city of Iowa in the United States .
East Riding of Yorkshire is a county in the English region called Yorkshire and the Humber in the north of England .
East St. Louis is a city of Illinois in the United States .
East Stirlingshire F.C. is a football club which plays in Scotland .
East Sussex is a county in South East England .
East Sutton is small by number of houses but it is in a large area .
East and West Bengal were once part of British India .
East of Samoa is a group of islands called American Samoa .
East of the town is the Upper Jhelum Canal .
Eastbourne Pier was first built in 1865 .
Eastbourne has recently built a marina called Sovereign Harbour which makes the town bigger .
Eastbourne is a town in the south of England .
Eastbourne is a town on the coast of the English Channel .
Eastbourne lies next to chalk hills called the South Downs .
Eastbourne was strategically important during the Napoleonic Wars and had a Martello Tower built from 1804 to 1810 .
Easter Island also has a huge crater called Rano Kau at the edge of the island In the crater there is a natural lake and it is one of the only three bodies of fresh water on the island .
Easter Road is a Scottish football stadium .
Easter is a holiday that Christians celebrate .
Easter is in late March or April .
Easter is not held on the same date every year .
Eastern Armenia was a part of Ottoman Armenia and Persian that was merged with the Russian empire .
Eastern Europe is the eastern region of Europe .
Eastern Kentucky University is a university located in Kentucky in the United States .
Eastern and Oriental Orthodox also recognize the Bishop of Rome as the successor Saint Peter and the Ecumenical Patriarch sends a delegation each year to Rome to participate in the celebration of his feast .
Easton is a village on the Isle of Wight .
Eastville is a town of Virginia in the United States .
Easy A is a teen comedy movie that was inspired by the novel The Scarlet Letter by Nathaniel Hawthorne .
Easy is a song by DeAnda .
Ecce enim ex hoc beatam me dicent omnes generationes .
Echolocation is a lot like sonar that submarines and ships use to find things underwater .
Economic activity in the city has become much less because of this . .
Ed .
Eddie Stanky was playing second base for the Dodgers .
Edgar Rice Burroughs first wrote about Tarzan in 1912 .
Edinburgh Airport is the nearest airport .
Edith Luckett was an actress .
Eduardo Mondlane University is located in Maputo .
Education is guaranteed by a network of public schools that span from nursery school to university .
Edward Elgar and William Walton both wrote march music for coronations .
Edward Elgar helped him get one of his pieces performed at the Three Choirs Festival .
Edward James Olmos plays Commander William Adama .
Edward Jenner gave the boy cowpox in the same way people tried to give smallpox .
Edward began to show signs of a coughing disease .
Edward did not want Mary to succeed him .
Edward succeeded to the throne as King of England and Ireland .
Edward went ahead with a plan to let his Protestant cousin Lady Jane Grey become Queen after he died .
Edwards has made a series of recordings of interesting old organs of North Bedfordshire .
Edwards was the 2007 Nationwide series .
Eggplant parmigiana is the earliest version .
Eggs hatch in 28 days and the young begin to fly 42 days later .
Eggs were viewed as symbols of new life and fertility through the ages .
Egypt opened its Rafah Border Crossing with the Gaza Strip to allow medical aid to enter following world criticism of the raid .
Egyptian healers used saffron as a treatment for all types of gastrointestinal ailments .
Eight players from the Bruins would go on to play in the NHL .
Eight racers gather on a circuit and race for three or five laps until one kart finishes first .
Elaborate welding procedures may be used to achieve the highest quality repairs .
Elections are held after this happens .
Elections are usually by thirds .
Electric Daisy Carnival will be his next album volume one .
Electric current is perceived as flowing in the opposite direction that the electrons are flowing .
Electric multiple units of London Underground .
Electric panels can reduce energy costs if panels are left turned off in empty rooms .
Electric razors use electricity to either make blades rotate or oscillate .
Electric systems are made of electric cables that are laid underneath the floor .
Electrically powered railway and railroad lines and systems .
Electromagnetic waves are used in radio for sending signals from the radio station to the radio .
Electromagnets are another kind of magnet .
Electromagnets can also be used to make electricity .
Elephants use their large ears to cool themselves when it is very hot .
Elepong was the first Japanese designed coin operated game .
Eleven converging rows of menhirs stretching for 1165 b. There is what may be the remains of stone circles at either end .
Eleven of the 16 members of the Federal Government are members of the Bundestag .
Elfman has been nominated for many awards in the music and movie business .
Elfmans has written music dozens of movies and for television .
Eliseo Dimaculangan .
Elizabeth Taylor as Maggie was later named the 13th greatest guest spot in the history of the show .
Elizabeth also caught the disease .
Elizabeth put Mary under house arrest .
Elliptic geometry was shown to be consistent .
Elpis takes the more common meaning of expectant hope .
Elsie had been killed by a bomb .
Elysian Park is the easternmost part of the mountains and is bordered by the Los Angeles River to the east .
Embry herself received publicity surrounding a custody battle over two children with her former partner .
Emily hoping that the owners of the things would come and get them .
Emperor Charles V opened the imperial Diet of Worms on 22 January 1521 to hear the case .
Emperor Hirohito must have realized it .
Empirical studies of 20th century cartels have determined that the mean duration of discovered cartels is from 5 to 8 years .
Empress Maria Theresa decided to use Antonia to make Austria become friendly with France .
Empty boxes can make sounds louder .
Enclosing bastides were built around an existing small village or hamlet .
Energy conservation is an important complement to the development of renewable energy sources .
Energy conservation is the act of using energy in a more efficient and effective manner .
Energy is never created or destroyed in radioactive decay .
Engineers at the company discovered that empty underground gas fields could be used to store gas that has been taken from the ground somewhere else .
England does not have a separate railway system .
England does not have its own transport system .
English and Nauruan are the official languages of Nauru .
English continued to be taught in higher education and was offered as a subject for university degrees .
English is the official language .
English is the official language of Pakistan while Urdu is the national language despite not being a native language or being the mother tongue of any native group in the country .
Enola hides on the ship .
Entertainment Weekly dedicated an article on their website toward the possibility of her performance receiving an Academy Award nomination .
Entrances to the station are found on Baker Street and Marylebone road .
Epcot is a theme park with two parts .
Episodes of The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy has spoofed Harry as Nigel Planter .
Epstein unfortunately died before filming began .
Era names were also changed due to other events .
Erat also played 3 seasons in the WHL 2 for the Saskatoon Blades and 1 for the Red Deer Rebels .
Erciyes mountain is the third highest mountain in Turkey .
Erda appears .
Erda is the Earth Goddess .
Ernest Hemingway was born there .
Ernst had two sons .
Erwin Panofsky wrote a monography on the subject .
Esau agreed .
Esophageal candidiasis is an infection of the esophagus by Candida albicans .
Espacially there are some vineyards .
Especially the earliest forms of nationalism had lots of socialist features .
Established variations are for coconut flavoring to the sponge cake and lemon curd or raspberry jam in place of apricot jam .
Estadio Quisqueya is the home stadium for both teams .
Estuarine Crocodiles do not have these scutes and their snout is broader .
Estuarine marshes often are based on soils consisting of sandy bottoms or bay muds .
Esurientes implevit bonis et divites dimisit inanes .
Et misericordia eius a progenie in progenies timentibus eum .
Eumelanin determines the darkness of the hair color .
Euoticus has specialized front teeth for removing tree bark so it can feed on tree gum .
Eureka is located near San Francisco .
Euro D is the TV which broadcasts Kanal D programs to the all Europe .
Europe began using gunpowder in the 14th century .
Europe is at the center of the land hemisphere .
Europe was an archipelago of islands .
European and Muslims authorities continued to attempt to control the pirates over many years .
European colonies began with the Spanish settlement of Santa Catarina island in 1542 .
European countries made two important peace agreements in Aachen .
European countries raced to take the land and riches from the New World .
European settlement led to the displacement of Aboriginal communities and the arrival of Torres Strait Islanders on the mainland .
Europeans came after about 1830 .
Europeans did not land on Oahu until 28 February 1779 when Captain Clerke of the HMS Resolution stepped ashore at Waimea Bay .
Evans is a former UFC Light Heavyweight Championship and was the winner of The Ultimate Fight season 2 in the heavyweight division .
Even 1 gram of barium can kill you .
Even Adonai is only used by some Jews in prayer .
Even De Nachtwacht was hidden there .
Even Tim Hortons doughnut stores started in Hamilton in 1965 .
Even a small hand carried organ could play six or eight tunes .
Even before its official release the song debuted on the Billboard Pop 100 at number 87 .
Even helicopters and radios are used to locate and move the reindeer .
Even if the tachi is a very long sword it is light enough to be handled with one hand .
Even in this final meeting there was mention of the film that Pascal had agreed to try to make for Baba .
Even more were killed in wars started by fascist governments .
Even people who are treated with medicines at home should stay with the doctor for 8 hours .
Even prior to 1997 the railway started negotiations with the Vale of Glamorgan Council and moved in during 1998 to its new base at Barry Island Railway .
Even small hail with strong winds can crush a field of wheat flat in a few minutes .
Even some Turkish authors admit the that this was just a pretext for the massacres .
Even some human communication is not language .
Even some species with lungs can also respire through the skin in this manner .
Even the FBI kept a close eye on him .
Even the famous Widor thought that the Prelude of the third piece was impossible to play .
Even today one can not identify Manipuri dance without the presence of the gods Krishna and Radha .
Even traditional games are played .
Event that were not part of the Formula One World Championship have a pink background .
Eventually he was better than his teachers .
Eventually it became a separate show .
Eventually it returns to the air as oceanic plates subduct in plate tectonics .
Eventually some mathematicians tried to build new geometries without using the axiom .
Eventually the man comes out of it happily and the music finishes with a gracious and natural chaconne .
Eventually the painting was moved to a different church .
Eventually they were also much cheaper than glass valves .
Eventually this led to its total collapse .
Everman joined Nirvana in February 1989 as a second guitarist .
Everman toured with Nirvana in summer of 1989 in support of Bleach .
Every 5 years there is an international arts exhibition documenta in Kassel .
Every Hawaiian syllable ends with a vowel .
Every Rose has Its Thorn
Every family had land to grow their food .
Every fortress in their command held out as long as possible .
Every image made divine In our temples is but thine .
Every island has been created by volcanoes in the bottom of the sea .
Every movement has an interpretation .
Every one of them failed .
Every part of a beast can be used .
Every part of a dead reindeer was used .
Every processor or processor family has its own machine code instruction set .
Every request must be broadcast to all nodes in a system .
Every society has its own dances .
Every summer many thousands tourists came to Paros .
Every team has 4 players and the team which wins 11 games is final winner of the match .
Every two years a festival is held in the Barossa Valley to celebrate the vintage .
Every two years the ISB has a big international conference .
Every user has a wall and a private user profile page .
Every year about 40 concerts are given in the cathedral .
Every year an area about the size of West Virginia is being destroyed .
Every year new people are chosen to be added to the Hall of Fame .
Every year there is the 24 Hours of Bahrain race .
Every year they play in a Promenade Concert in the Royal Albert Hall .
Everybody believed that this was because he was sad because Matilda had died .
Everybody has to ride a horse or a bicycle .
Everyone else wear white track shoes .
Everyone had their place in the system and they stayed there .
Everyone is responsible for their own prayers .
Everyone was held hostage in the hotel .
Everything in a galaxy moves around a center .
Everything that lives on Earth is on top of the crust .
Everywhere that Sargent took the orchestra the audience were wild with excitement .
Evgeny Mravinsky conducted the orchestra for 50 years .
Evolution as a whole is strongly supported by many kinds of evidence . .
Evolution tries to explain how species change over time .
Ewell was forced to fall back because Union forces were too strong to die .
Ewell was too careful and decided not to take the hill .
Examination of hazelnuts may show a neat round hole in the shell .
Examination of the areas where two windows had been changed showed the plans for two paintings that had been destroyed .
Examples are bicycles and clocks .
Examples are computers and telephones .
Examples for such forces would be police forces guarding the borders of a country .
Examples of animal racing are horse racing .
Examples of different kinds of caterpillars .
Examples of extreme halophiles are Salinibacter ruber and organisms in the Halobacteria class .
Examples of parasites in humans include tapeworms and leeches .
Examples of such price fixing include oil whose price is partly controlled by the supply by OPEC countries .
Examples of this historical reconstruction of the martial arts are the pankration and the school of Shaolin that have not a continua tradition .
Examples of vegetable fats are margarine and vegetable oil .
Examples of vehicle racing are automobiles and motorcycles .
Examples that illustrate this are the Pack rat and the Cotton mouse .
Exceptions are the Mountain Tapir and the Asian Tapir .
Executions of war criminals were also done at Landsberg .
Experienced DJs are also able to crossfade between tracks using the channel faders .
Experiments at Boxgrove would appear to back this up .
Experts believe that the first document to mention saffron is a 7th century BC Assyrian book about botany which was written in the time of Ashurbanipal .
Experts in mathematics perform research to create new theorems .
Explanations for observations are only useful when they are based on hypotheses of natural causes .
Explanations that need miracles to work are not .
Explosives are a hazard .
Exports have suffered with the downturn in the clove market .
Expulsion of the Croatian and Slovene clergy from these lands and their replacement by the Italians was received with silence and accepted without resistance or protest among their Catholic brethren in Yugoslavia .
Extension ladders are made in two or more sections so that the ladder can fold up to make it easier to carry about and to store .
Extracts can be made and incorporated into hot sauces .
Eyritania prefecture has the most mountains of any other prefecture of Greece .
Eyser had an artificial leg .
FC Augsburg is the most successful team .
FIFA calls this stadium Green Point Stadium .
FSV Mainz 05 and at the moment he playes for Bayer Leverkusen .
Fa Ngum created the first unifed Lao Kingdom .
Fabales is an order of flowering plants .
Faber Drive is a Juno award nominated band from Canada .
Fabius adopted the Fabian strategy .
Fabius refused to let himself be drawn into battle .
Faboideae is a subfamily of the flowering plant family Fabaceae or Leguminosae .
Fabrosauridae is a proposed family of primitive ornithischian dinosaurs from late Triassic and Jurassic .
Facebook also has pages that are created by users that allow them to join and invite friends .
Facebook is a site that lets people express what they think or feel .
Facebook was created so that Harvard college students could get to know each other .
Facilities at the Sandspit Beach includes horseback and camel riding .
Facilities of local guides are easily available .
Factories stoped running .
Factors of production are means necessary for the production of goods and services in economics .
Fagiano Okayama is a football club which plays in Japan .
Fahrenheit 451 is a dystopian fiction novel .
Fahrwangen is a municipality of the district Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Fahy is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Failure rate is the frequency with which an engineered system or component fails .
Failure to secure funding for a new stadium caused the team to move .
Fairbank is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Fairbanks is a city in Alaska .
Fairbury is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Fairfax is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Fairfax is an independent city of Virginia in the United States .
Fairfield Bay is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Fairfield has an area of 35.6 square miles .
Fairfield is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Fairfield is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Fairfield is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Fairfield is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Fairfield was founded in 1910 .
Fairly Legal was a American legal drama television series that was created by Michael Sardo .
Fairview Heights is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Fairview is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Fairy tale is an English language expression for a kind of short story .
Fairy tales were passed down by speaking of it from person to person before writing was developed .
Faisalabad is a city in Pakistan .
Faith No More is an alternative rock band .
Faizabad is around 7 km from Ayodhya .
Faizabad is city in Uttar Pradesh of India .
Faizabad is especially known for being nearest city from Ayodhya .
Faizabad is on the road to Ayodhya .
Falafel balls may also be eaten alone as a snack or served as part of a mezze .
Falafel is a kind of vegetarian food .
Falafel is made from chickpeas or fava beans .
Falafel is made from fava beans or chickpeas or a combination of the two .
Falafel was originally made with fava beans .
Falciparum is the worst kind of malaria .
Falciparum malaria also has more resistance to medicines .
Falciparum malaria has the most complications .
Falciparum malaria is always treated with two or more medicines .
Falcons are small birds of prey and are related to hawks and eagles .
Faleyras is a commune .
Falicon is a commune .
Faline was featured as a guest in House of Mouse .
Falken tells them that it is not worth it as it may only buy them a few years but war will still happen .
Falkirk Football Club is a Scottish professional football club currently playing in the Scottish Premier League .
Falkirk Stadium is a Scottish football stadium .
Falkirk is a town in Scotland .
Fall of a Kingdom is the first book in the Farsala Trilogy by American author Hilari Bell .
Falla did not live long enough to finish the work .
Falleron is a commune .
Fallin easily won reelection in 2008 .
Fallin has a Bachelor of Science degree from Oklahoma State University .
Fallin was first elected to the Oklahoma House of Representatives in 1990 .
Fallin was raised in Tecumseh .
Fallout 3 has gotten very good reviews .
Falls Church is a city of Virginia in the United States .
Falmouth is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
False Pass is a city in Alaska .
False pregnancies commonly occur in dogs and mice .
False prophets are the opposite of prophets .
False prophets try to deceive people and bring them away from god .
Falsetto singing was used in the days when women were not allowed to sing in churches .
Fame is a song by David Bowie .
Familly is a commune .
Family Feud aired on ABC from 1976 to 1985 .
Family Feud is a television game show that has aired since 1976 .
Family Guy is an animated comedy television series created by Seth MacFarlane .
Famine is a situation where there is not enough food for people to eat .
Famous and renowned political family in Darya Khan is Bangyal .
Famous composers like Guillaume de Machaut wrote ballades .
Famous people come to show up and support their films .
Famous people opposed to this idea were David Hume and John Locke .
Famous person from the town is the German footballer Dietmar Hamann .
Famous poets such as Tasso wrote poems about it .
Famous valleys of this type are the Grand Canyon in the United States and the Megalong Valley in Australia .
Famous valleys of this type are the Loire Valley and the Lower Rhine Valley in Europe and the Thames Valley in England .
Fampoux is a commune .
Fan base and record sales grew substantially over the following years .
Fanconi anemia is a rare genetic disorder .
Fanconi syndrome is a disorder affecting the kidneys .
Fancy Baja Bugs for use only on roads remain popular as well .
Fancy rats are domesticated brown rats .
Fancy rats have been bred as pets at least since the late 19th century .
Fanfares are also seen at military parades and events .
Fanfares are used today as music at the start of television and radio news programs .
Fanfares began in the Middle Ages .
Fangames are computer games created by fans based on popular video games .
Fanning Springs is a city of Florida in the United States .
Fanshawe died on 5 July 2010 .
Fanta Orange is the most popular Fanta flavor .
Fanta is a yellow lemonade .
Fanta is more popular in Europe and South America than in the United States .
Faramans is a commune .
Farbauti was found using the Mauna Kea Observatory and is the 40th moon from Saturns surface .
Farben Lehre is a Polish punk rock band .
Farbus is a commune .
Farciennes is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
Fareins is a commune .
Farges is a commune .
Fargo is the largest city in the American state of North Dakota .
Farida Mammadova works at the Institute of History of the National Academy of Sciences of Azerbaijan .
Faridpur is a district in central Bangladesh .
Farley is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Farmer City is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Farmers and ranchers often need to use hay in the winter time when grass is not available .
Farmers are now rolling the hay into large round bales .
Farmers buy these parasitic wasps for insect control in their fields .
Farmers in the area were scared he would set their crops and haystacks on fire .
Farmers may also grow raw materials for industrial purposes .
Farmers started to use them in the Meiji Era .
Farmersburg is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Farming and gardening are very successful in this fertile country .
Farming has always been an important part of the state economy of Kansas .
Farming is not so important now as it used to be but many people grow different crops .
Farmington is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Farmington is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Farmington is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Farms in the county are known for breeding champion race horses such as Affirmed and Needles .
Farnhamville is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Faroe Islands national football team is the national football team of Faroe Islands .
Faroese is the Germanic language of the Faroe Islands .
Farol means lighthouse in Portuguese .
Farragut is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Farscape is a science fiction television show .
Fascism appeared in Europe before World War II because many people were afraid of communism and they thought that democracy was too weak to defend them .
Fascism is a kind of government .
Fascist ideas were most common around the time of World War II .
Fascists think that everyone following the same leader makes the country strong the same way the sticks are .
Fashion can also mean a style of language or behavior .
Fashion design is the art of designing clothes and other things like purses and shoes .
Fashion mostly refers to the style of clothing worn at a particular time .
Fashion trends may have a great influence depending on the person .
Fashions are a kind of nonverbal communication .
Fashions are like trends .
Fasting is a kind of abstinence .
Fasting is supposed to teach Muslims about patience and spiritual things .
Fat Man is the name of the third ever atomic bomb and the second to be used in war .
Fat from plants is called vegetable fat .
Fat is important for the human body because it gives much energy and helps the body use the vitamins in the food .
Fatah is a Palestinian nationalist political party .
Father Christmas is the British name for Santa Claus .
Father Damien came to Hawaii in 1864 .
Father Damien went to help the sick people and gave them hope .
Father can also be used as a title for Catholic priests .
Fatines is a commune .
Fats are triesters of fatty acids and glycerol .
Fatu Hiva is a tropical island in the Pacific Ocean .
Faucoucourt is a commune .
Fauguernon is a commune .
Faulkner was 25 years old at the time of his death .
Faulting occurs when shear stress on a rock overcomes the forces which hold it together .
Faults may dip shallowly or steeply .
Fauna means animal life .
Fauquembergues is a commune .
Faust or Faustus is a character from German legendary stories .
Faust wants to have knowledge .
Fauvillers is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg .
Fauzy raced in the A1 Grand Prix series for Team Malaysia .
Fauzy started competing in karting in 1994 .
Faverolles is a commune .
Favreuil is a commune .
Fawlty Towers has influenced other comedies .
Fawlty Towers was a popular British TV comedy .
Fay is a commune .
Fayette is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Fayetteville is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Faymoreau is a commune .
February 1 is Baked Alaska Day .
Federal league .
Feed .
Feeling happy may help people to relax and to smile .
Felines are usually classed as either big cats or small cats .
Felsic magma is thick and has lots of a mineral called silica .
Female eagles laid eggs that were too weak to withstand the weight of its parents .
Female masturbation can also protect against cervical infections .
Females and juveniles have a duller blue snout and a buff beard .
Females are a tan color with a white underbelly and a pattern of black and white on the legs .
Females are bigger and more brightly colored .
Females are usually bigger and heavier than males .
Females have less yellow and do not have the black cap and chin of the males .
Fences are often used to protect the spectators from the race track .
Fermentation will be a slow process .
Fernando Valenzuela is the only player to have won Rookie of the Year and the Cy Young Award in the same year .
Ferrez died in 1923 and left thousands of pictures and reproductions of his works .
Fertility dances may involve both ecstatic states and mime .
Few of those diseases can spread to humans though .
Few specifics are known regarding the ontogeny of the Vampire Squid .
Feynman described a way to move individual atoms and molecules using very small apparatus to build and operate even smaller instruments and so on down to the needed scale .
Fictional characters categorized by the medium with which they are most commonly associated .
Fifteen miles of the American Tobacco Trail is in the county .
Fifteen teams are from Australia and one is from New Zealand .
Fifteen to twenty people were killed during the Peterloo Massacre and hundreds of other people were hurt .
Fifty year celebrations were organised on 29 April 2006 by Father Laurie Bent .
Fig trees are often planted in vineyards .
Fighting then broke out for an unknown reason .
Filiz is the Turkish brand name of Barilla Group .
Filling in random text has proven very useful .
Films .
Films and sound recordings are kept in a separate collection run by the National Film and Sound Archive in Canberra .
Filppula is the younger brother of Ilari Filppula who is currently playing for the Detroit Red Wings as well .
Filppula won a bronze medal at the 2010 Winter Olympics with team Finland .
Filppula won the Stanley Cup with the Detroit Red Wings in 2008 when they beat the Pittsburgh Penguins 4 games to 2 .
Finally the desert spreads towards the surrounding areas .
Finally there are team competitions such as wheelchair rugby .
Finally there was Compaq Computer that designed its first laptop PC called Compaq LTE .
Finally they were loaded into seagoing vessels .
Finding life in the lake would therefore make it more probable that life has existed on one of these moons .
Finding the best data structure when solving a problem is an important part of programming .
Findings also show that the region was occupied only seasonally .
Finds from the site indicate contact with the distant city of Teotihuacan in the Valley of Mexico .
Fine Gael wanted to revive the economy by controlling public spending and imposing cutbacks in order to reduce the public budget deficit .
Finland invented the sauna .
Finnish and Swedish are the official languages of Vantaa .
Fire can burn most string very fast .
Fire engines always have ladders .
Fire is an important hunting tool for Aboriginal people using it to flush out prey .
Fire is part of the landscape of Kakadu National Park .
Fire is sometimes a hazard .
Fire safety standards are consistent with the strict guidelines of the US National Fire Protection Association .
Fires in northern Australia are less threatening than in southern Australia as many of the trees are largely fire resistant while other plants simply grow back very quickly .
Firestar discovers then that they are the Three .
First Day Out 5 .
First Manchester and Stagecoach Manchester are the main bus operators .
First action of every match consisted of shot pushing up the ball for rebound on a roof called pantalera in Piedmontese language .
First he should check in the mirror whether anything is close behind him .
First he studied architecture and finished it with an exam .
First settlements in the region were known up from the 11th century .
First there was Apple Computer that developed its first portable computer called Macintosh Portable the evolution of which turned it into Powerbook .
Firstly a palla 21 tournament was played in Chicago during 2007 with Italian national team .
Fish are vertebrate animals that live in the water .
Fish was the most common food .
Fishermen from Aitutaki occasionally organise trips to Manuae .
Fishing is a popular activity inside Kakadu National Park .
Fishing is also a prominent profession of this district .
Fishing is also done in the Ganga waters .
Fishing is the main industry in the village .
Fisichella claimed that it was both very difficult and dangerous .
Fisting is very easy to do .
FitzGerald continued as Taoiseach heading a minority Fine Gael government and proposed the stringent budgetary cutbacks that Labor had blocked for some four years .
FitzGerald was elected Taoiseach on 30 June 1981 .
FitzGerald was the leader of Fine Gael between 1977 and 1987 .
Fitzenhagen gave the first performance of the work in Moscow on 30 November 1877 .
Fitzgerald then ordered Gardai to remove the families from the meeting .
Five days later he debuted in an international match versus Juventus Turin .
Five teams have not had a winner .
Five works ascribed to Tacitus have survived .
Five years is an extended warranty .
Fiver recovers and Bigwig becomes the respected captain of the guard .
Flag 34 .
Flag data for countries .
Flaherty was interested in good education for children .
Flammable means that something can catch fire easily .
Flashbacks also reveal events that happened before the show opened .
Flasks are made in different shapes and sizes .
Flatworms and roundworms are found in virtually every wild species of vertebrate .
Florence had a very strong tradition of making images of the Madonna and Child because the city was dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary .
Flores took the Raiders for their second Super Bowl win against Philadelphia Eagles 27 10 in Super Bowl XV .
Florida will not let Manatee Palms admit any more patients because of this hurtful behavior .
Flotation is used to concentrate the ore. .
Flowers that are located directly in line with the sun are shown by waggle runs in an upward direction on the vertical combs .
Fluorine compounds are chemical compounds containing fluorine ions .
Fly on his national tour before leaving to go on her own headlining tour around the UK .
Folk harps are the older kind of harp .
Folk harps can be found in many different sizes .
Followers are introduced to these practices through initiation which is also called empowerment .
Followers of the EZLN also paint murals of Marcos in his mask and Emiliano Zapata to show their support .
Following cities and municipalities border on the city Radolfzell at the Bodensee .
Foo Fighters are now a multi grammy award winning rock band and sell out huge arenas when they go on tour .
Food and textile industries are important .
Foods are raw when they are not cooked .
Foods in Daegu are usually more spicy and salty than in other cities .
Foods that have been microwaved are not carcinogenic .
Football is a very important part of the culture of the city .
For 2006 he moved to the ASM Formule 3 team .
For 60 years he kept a careful record of all the concerts they played .
For Christians this book is called the Bible .
For Circle Line at Paya Lebar stations using an underpass and linkway .
For a complete list see List of places in Warwickshire .
For a short time one of his pupils was Jean Sibelius .
For a time he conducted the Carl Rosa Opera Company .
For a time it worked in alliance with Hindu communities and was supported by Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi who was a member of the Central Khilafat Committee .
For a time people wondered whether the festival would continue .
For a while he was trying to learn Turkish .
For about 900 years that castles were built they had many different shapes and different details .
For administrative purposes Mastung was separated from Kalat and made a new District in 1991 .
For awhile this intervention helped Zevon not drink too much alcohol .
For every 100 females there are 102.1 males .
For every 100 females there were 110.40 males .
For every 100 females there were 135.00 males .
For every 100 females there were 148.80 males .
For every 100 females there were 87.9 males .
For every 100 females there were 90.70 males .
For every 100 females there were 93.30 males .
For every 100 females there were 95.7 males .
For every 100 females there were 97.30 males .
For example Murcielago was the name of a famous bull .
For example before Britain entered the European Union in 1973 the European Communities Act had to be passed to make the changes to the law that were needed .
For example one skull makes confetti and balloons appear when a player gets a headshot and another makes all enemies stronger and tougher .
For example the wavefunction with has the same energy as the wavefunction with .
For factories or industries driven by water wheels see watermill .
For generations they were able to speak German and keep their German traditions in Brazil .
For her he wrote a piece for soprano and orchestra called Ode to a Nightingale .
For her outstanding performance won Best Actress at the Cannes Film Festival and was nominated for an Oscar .
For his acting work he is known under his full name .
For information about this category can be found at Southern Baptist Convention .
For instance the trawling method of catching fish very often damages coral that the small fish need to hide from big ones .
For long periods of its history Maine Road had the widest pitch in England .
For many of the people there it was a last opportunity to pay respects to the people who fought in the war .
For many years Berlinsky taught the cello at the Gnessin School of Music in Moscow .
For many years Carthy has enjoyed a creating music with fiddle player Dave Swarbrick .
For many years earthquakes have occurred .
For many years he was a traveling musician .
For many years it was a school .
For many years she paid him a lot of money each month so that he could compose .
For other uses see pan .
For others it becomes an addiction and a financial burden .
For practical applications it should satisfy following conditions .
For regions in Mali .
For season Marlboro ended its sponsorship of both teams .
For several missions the telescope was the Southern Hemisphere relay and communications station .
For several thousand years the Baltic Sea has connected the countries at her shores .
For several years he composed between two and five operas every year .
For some time he hosted a radio program .
For ten years Hastings managed to help expand British control across India that had been stated by Robert Clive .
For that purpose they were compared with equivalent services that are produced by humans .
For that reason you will find many cultural similarities in these countries .
For the Germany national team he has played 16 matches and made 1 goal .
For the Persian writing of these names please follow this link on Persian Wikipedia .
For the color see Navy blue .
For the first time since 1850s a Constantin family member became the president of the company .
For the inventor this has been a very profitable product .
For the last seven days of his life he was the oldest man in Europe .
For the most recent events see the Current Events Portal .
For the next few years he worked at several jobs .
For the next season they announced a customer deal to receive Ferrari V10 engines .
For the performance Robinson earned the Most Valuable Player award for the National League .
For the same reason the wife scars the skin of her forehead or stomach .
For this club he played from 1924 till his death 1939 .
For this reason animals are often used in fables in a way that is easily understood because it is always the same .
For this reason it is also an important tool in the understanding of jazz theory and arranging for jazz musicians and composers .
For twenty years he was the foreign correspondent for the Grand Lodge of Masons .
For two years her husband knew nothing about her love affair .
For us and for our salvation he came down from heaven and was incarnate by the Holy Spirit and the Virgin Mary and became man .
For wheels used solely to lift water see noria .
Ford bought the team in June 1999 and was to be renamed to Jaguar Racing to promote their Jaguar brand .
Ford later made a rule that Nixon could not be punished for any crimes .
Forecasters typically issue gale warnings when winds of this strength are expected .
Foreign companies find accent naturalisation easier in Pakistan than in India .
Foreign enterprises must pay here no import duties what guarantees a certain income for the city and the region .
Foreign theaters have copied this kabuki invention .
Forests and uplands are very common .
Forests of the west are used for wood .
Forgiveness and Love
Formerly the people in the Babenhausen area were mostly farmers and craftsmen but not tradesmen .
Forming bauxite demands intense weathering conditions with very good drainage .
Formula One awarded one point to the driver that set the fastest lap until 1960 .
Formula One returned to Japan in 1987 .
Formula One runs most of its races on road courses .
Fossil bones of the Marsupial Lion have been found in caves on the Nullabor Plain .
Fossil gastropods are less common during the Palaeozoic era than bivalves .
Fossils finds in Southern China indicate that at some point this species occurred there in the past .
Fossils have been found in Argentina .
Fossils of Carcharodontosaurus were found in Africa .
Fossils of this creature have been found in Europe and the Middle East .
Four Leander class frigates played the role of HMS Hero .
Four different car manufacturersmake cars to drive in the game .
Four local motor racing fans suggested building a new road .
Four of his disciples were fishermen and Jesus spoke using imagery they understood .
Fourth generation warfare is what most people call a guerrilla war .
Fowles observed critically that no British scientist had named a species after Anning in her lifetime .
Fox chose to cancel the series because it was not very popular .
France and Britain had been at war for some time .
France invaded Mali in 1880 .
France soon ruled over an empire that stretched from Spain to the Russian border .
Francis returned to California during the 1960s and continued painting in Los Angeles .
Francois Constantin traveled a lot and opened new markets for the company .
Frank Gardiner was working in the area after six years gaol for stealing horses .
Frank Lloyd Wright lived and worked there for a while .
Franklin Patterson and Charles Longsworth were chosen by these schools and wrote a book called The Making of a College that said how Hampshire was to be run and what kind of programs it would offer .
Fraser beat her own world record winning that race .
Fraser was not ready for the Olympics because she thought that she was banned and she did not swim at the Olympics ever again .
Fred Lynn and Ichiro Suzuki are the only two players who have been named Rookie of the Year and Most Valuable Player in the same year .
Frederick II of Prussia retaliated by ordering enough Polish currency counterfeited to severely affect the Polish economy .
Freia enters .
French and Saunders became famous when they appeared on a comedy series called The Comic Strip .
French speaking Walloons share the French community with French speaking people of Brussels .
Frequencies that lie between one harmonic and another harmonic are called interharmonics .
Frequent ejaculation through masturbation from an early age fosters frequent ejaculation well into adulthood .
Fresh or dried bay leaves are used in cooking for their distinctive flavor and fragrance .
Freshly hatched larvae may be smaller than 0.05 mm .
Freshwater Crocodiles have been protected by law since 1964 and Saltwater Crocodiles since 1971 .
Frets on earlier balalaikas were made of animal gut and tied to the neck so that they could be moved around by the player .
Freyja kills herself after she sees Freyr die .
Friedrich has played nine matches for the German national football team since 2006 .
Friends such as Susan Strasberg later spoke of her illness .
Fritz Kaiser joined the team as the commercial director .
Fritzsche was one of the 24 people charged at the Nuremberg Trials .
Frog eggs are round and toad eggs are laid in long strings .
From 13 August 1961 until 9 November 1989 it was separated from West Berlin by the Berlin Wall .
From 1501 to 1503 he once again worked at Antwerp where he was choirmaster at the church of Our Lady .
From 1502 Tromboncino was employed by a rich lady called Lucrezia Borgia .
From 1532 he lived mostly in Frankfurt until he died in 1550 .
From 1571 to 1588 held a post in the treasury .
From 1855 to 1872 he did research on color blindness .
From 1922 to 1924 he was the literary chief for publisher Alfred Altenberg .
From 1931 on the Government of Canada made all decisions about Canada .
From 1932 to 1955 he had a radio show .
From 1936 to 1945 it was called Saarlautern .
From 1950 he performed them in German .
From 1953 he worked seriously at electronic music .
From 1958 the orchestra often played for comic Spanish operas called zarzuelas .
From 1970 to 1974 he was member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany .
From 1978 until 1995 Elfman was a member of the rock band Oingo Boingo .
From 1995 to 2008 he was conductor of the Rotterdam Philharmonic Orchestra .
From 1996 to 1999 they were known as the San Jose Clash .
From 2002 to 2006 he was the High Representative for Bosnia and Herzegovina .
From 2006 till 2010 he played for AZ Alkmaar .
From 2007 to 2009 it was sold as a Saturn .
From 2009 began to direct and produce songs with complex effects to music and children channels Video clip to television channels Music video and film with commercial Hollywood fragrance .
From 7 September 1949 to 6 September 1950 he was the first President of the Bundesrat .
From 9 December 1961 to 26 April 1964 it was an independent state .
From December 1946 until 1956 he was Minister President of North Rhine Westphalia .
From Eleusine a beer is made .
From July 2008 through July 2009 .
From May 5 2006 to August 13 2007 was the minister of Polish government .
From a strategic point of view there can be no justification for these atrocious losses .
From about 1464 the members of the Wool Guild wanted to have twelve statues of people from the Old Testament of the Bible carved for the Florence Cathedral .
From about 1937 to 1962 he was one of the top four players in the world .
From as early on as the 6th century B.C. Thera had its own coinage .
From here one can see Abbey Church of St Michael at the very top of the hill .
From its inception until the 1980s the Paralympic system for classifying athletes consisted of a medical evaluation and diagnosis of impairment .
From the altar in the church came a fountain of holy water .
From the southern seas to the polar region Spread our forests and our fields .
From then on people called him Re or Ra .
From there it connects into the active spreading under the Sea of Cortez .
From this came the idea of telling funny stories in a series of pictures .
From this place it turns to the north and collecting the waters of Khurna River empties into the Indus River .
From version 8.1 to 9.2 it was called Mandrake Linux .
From what they say Alberich learns that the gold they are guarding has magic powers .
Front disc brakes are becoming popular .
Frontal rain is when a cold front meets a warm air front .
Frost and Kemp were married for 5 years .
Frost and Law divorced on 29 October 2003 .
Frost and her first husband Gary Kemp starred together in the 1990s film The Krays .
Frost on the ground in winter is caused by this .
Frozen bagels were first introduced in 1960 .
Frozen rain can be ice or snow if conditions permit .
Fruit starts to appear as Summer arrives .
Fruits and dairy products are common sources of simple carbohydrates .
Fuchs plays Sadie in the Julie Taymor film Across the Universe .
Fuel and limited provisions are available at Cooinda and there is also a small airstrip for scenic flights .
Fuji Speedway is owned by Toyota and Suzuka Circuit is owned by their rival Honda .
Fuji had been redesigned by Hermann Tilke . .
Fukuoka is known for its pork ramen soup .
Full factory backing is often seen in the top levels of competition .
Function is called mother wavelet .
Funk was one of the 24 people charged at the Nuremberg Trials .
Further on they had to suffer and work for a living .
Further up there is a layer of ozone gas called the Ozone layer .
Fusarium wilt is a soilbourne fungal disease that will quickly kill younger basil plants .
Future World has rides that combine entertainment and education .
Fuu convinces them both to come with her in search of a mysterious samurai that smells like sunflowers and their journey begins .
GABA is also not incorporated into proteins .
GHB is a depressant of the central nervous system .
GHB is also produced as a result of fermentation .
GNOME and other window managers can be downloaded using APT .
GO Transit has buses and trains that go to Toronto .
GRiD also had patents for handheld and handwriting computers which Tandy holds to this day .
GRiD held patents for the Clamshell design which represents our modern laptop design .
GRiD made the product with a fold down display that covered the keyboard .
GRiD started manufacturing in 1979 with commercial distribution occurring in 1981 .
GRiD was acquired in 1988 by Tandy Corporation who after acquisition monetized the Clamshell Patent by aggressively pursuing all computer manufacturers who were selling clamshell design laptops .
Gaara is a character in the manga and anime Naruto .
Gabarnac is a commune .
Gaberones replaced Mafeking as the capital of the Bechuanaland Protectorate in 1965 .
Gabon has a wide culture .
Gabon has nine states .
Gabon is a small country led by the President Ali Bongo Ondimba .
Gabon is located in Central of Africa .
Gabon national football team is the national football team of Gabon .
Gabor Acs lives in Rome with his wife Armelle .
Gabor then moved to Milan for his degree in architecture from the Polytechnic .
Gaborone is located on the Notwane River in the south eastern corner of Botswana .
Gaborone is the capital city of Botswana .
Gabriel Agbonlahor is an English footballer .
Gabriel Agbonlahor played 16 games for the England Under 21 team .
Gabriel Island is a protected natural reserve and is most famous for if its beautiful unspoiled beaches .
Gabriel Pascal invented his name and no one seems to know his real one .
Gabriela has played in recitals all over the world .
Gabriela has won international prizes including the Bronze Medal at the 13th International Fryderyk Chopin Piano Competition in Warsaw in 1995 .
Gabrielle and Xena sleep in an ice cave for 25 years after Ares places them there because he mistakenly believes they are dead .
Gabrielle becomes an Amazon when she defends a dying Amazon Princess during an ambush .
Gabrielle chooses to fight to save Xena and even kills some of the soldiers herself .
Gabrielle insists on following an initially reluctant Xena on the road .
Gabrielle learns how to fight with a fighting staff from the Amazons .
Gabrielle manages to save her daughter by putting her in a basket and sending her downriver .
Gabrielle struggles with the issue of seeking vengeance against Gurkhan .
Gachnang is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Gackt began his solo career on 12 May 1999 with the release Mizerable .
Gackt was also the voice actor for Malthazar in the Japanese release of the film Arthur and the Minimoys .
Gadolinium is a chemical element .
Gadsden County is a county in the panhandle of the U.S. state of Florida .
Gadsden County is in the Eastern Time Zone .
Gadsden County is part of the Tallahassee Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Gadsden County is the only majority African American county in Florida .
Gadsden County was created in 1823 .
Gaelic football and Hurling are the main and most popular activities promoted by the organization .
Gaelic handball is a game where two players use their hands to return a ball against a wall .
Gaeltacht areas are regions where most of the people speak the Irish language .
Gaga also worked with Elton John to make a new duet for the soundtrack to the upcoming Disney movie Gnomeo and Juliet .
Gaga felt that she was more creative than some of her classmates .
Gags are very commonly seen in BDSM and bondage fantasy .
Gaia Online is a website created around anime and chatting .
Gaia is the titan of Earth and these are her offspring as related in various myths .
Gaia was the goddess of the earth in Greek mythology .
Gaius Caesar had achieved the rank of Consul before his death .
Gakuch town is the capital of the Ghizar District .
Galagos are all arboreal and known for their ability to leap great distances among branches .
Galagos are omnivorous but primarily insectivorous .
Galametz is a commune .
Galax is a city of Virginia in the United States .
Galegeae is a tribe of the subfamily Faboideae .
Galego and Portuguese have the same origin .
Galen listed mandrake root or poppy juice among the main examples for such substances .
Galena is a city in Alaska .
Galena is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Galena is a mineral and an important lead ore.
Galena is one of the most common and widely used sulfide minerals .
Galena is the main ore of lead .
Galerius served as a soldier with distinction .
Galesburg is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Galgon is a commune .
Galicia is a green country with celtic features .
Galicia is very famous for its fishing industry and seafood remains an important part of its cuisine .
Galicia or Galiza is a nationality in Spain that became a Spanish autonomous community in 1978 .
Galician is a Romance language that started on the west part of the Roman Empire called Gallaecia .
Galician is very close to Leonese language .
Galileo Galilei found what came to be known as the Galilean moons around December 1609 or January 1610 .
Galileo agreed to do this .
Galileo also developed a method of determining longitude based on the timing of the orbits of the Galilean moons .
Galileo also tried to determine the speed of light .
Galileo used this system in his notebooks but never actually published it .
Galileo was an unmanned NASA spacecraft .
Galileo was launched in 1989 and it arrived at Jupiter in 1995 .
Gallagher was the coordinator of the creative writing program at Syracuse University .
Gallenkirch is a municipality of the district Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Gallium arsenide is a chemical compound .
Gallium arsenide is a gray solid .
Gallium arsenide is mainly used as a semiconductor .
Gallo is one of the two regional languages of Brittany .
Gallo is spoken in the eastern part of Brittany .
Galmaarden is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
Galt is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Galva is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Gamaliel is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Gamba Osaka is a football club which plays in Japan .
Gambell is a city in Alaska .
Gambia national football team is the national football team of Gambia .
Gambling is a contest where a player bets on the result of an event .
Gambling was made legal in the state of Nevada in 1931 .
Game Boy Advance Video is a format of cartridges for the Gameboy Advance .
Game Boy Micro was the last Game Boy handheld by Nintendo .
Game Informer magazine called it Game of the Month when it was released .
Game Maker has an internet community and website .
Game Maker is a computer program for the Windows operating system .
Game Maker lets people make computer games without knowing a computer programming language .
Game Maker started as an animation program called Animo .
Game Maker uses icons that tell the person what actions they can do .
Game animals are also hunted for sport .
Game is any animal hunted for food or not normally domesticated .
Game theory is part of economics .
Game theory uses maths to study strategy .
GameFAQs is a website with help and information for video games .
Games in the Grand Theft Auto series .
Games that resemble it have been played for thousands of years .
Gamkrelidze was born in Kutaisi .
Gamma rays are also a type of radiation .
Gamma rays are produced by some types of radioactive atoms .
Gamma rays are usually emitted from nuclei immediately after other types of decay .
Gamma rays can travel through thick materials .
Gammer first started in 2002 .
Gammer has also worked with other artists such as G. Spencer and DJ Seduction .
Gampopa was the first monk of the Kagyu school .
Gandelu is a commune .
Gandhi used satyagraha in the Indian independence movement and also during his earlier struggle in South Africa .
Gandy has also played for the Pittsburgh Steelers and New Orleans Saints .
Gandy spent five seasons with the Rams .
Gandy spent four seasons with the Pittsburgh Steelers from 1999 to 2002 .
Gandzasar means treasure mountain in Armenian .
Ganesha has several other names .
Ganesha is a very popular god of Hindus .
Ganeshotsav is the biggest festival .
Gang member Bill Webber was caught and hanged .
Ganges river is named after a Hindu goddess called Ganga .
Ganges was then residing in the Heavens .
Gangnihessou might have been the king around the year 1620 .
Gangnihessou was the first of twelve kings of Dahomey in Africa .
Gangue is the worthless substance that is left behind when minerals are processed .
Gannets are seabirds in the genus Morus .
Gannets only lay one blue egg .
Gansingen is a municipality of the district Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Ganymede is the only Galilean moon of Jupiter named after a male figure .
Ganz is a Canadian company .
Ganzourgou is a province of Burkina Faso .
Garage Band is a music software by Apple Inc. .
Garage band includes hundreds of beats and music .
Garage rock is a raw form of rock and roll .
Garber is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Garber is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Garden City is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Garden Grove is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Garden dormice are mostly nocturnal .
Gardeners use tools to dig in the soil and water the crops .
Gardenia is a genus of about 250 species of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae .
Gardenias have a reputation for being difficult to grow .
Gardening is related to farming .
Gardner also sometimes wrote under pen names .
Garfield County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Garfield and Friends is a animated TV show that is based on the comic strip Garfield .
Garfield decided that the academic life was not for him and studied law privately .
Garfield finally got his own website in 1996 .
Garfield is a famous comic strip created by Jim Davis .
Garfield is a fun loving cat who loves lasagna and is enjoyed by many people around the world .
Garhi Yasin has always been given importance by the civilian and military governments of Pakistan .
Garhi Yasin is a town located in the north of Sindh province of Pakistan .
Garhi Yasin is located on the right bank of River Indus .
Garlics are divided into many parts called clove .
Garnavillo is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Garner is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Garnerans is a commune .
Garret FitzGerald was born in Dublin in 1926 into a very politically active family .
Garrison is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Garvin County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Garwin is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Gary Karr has given performances in many parts of the world .
Gas can crate pressure itself when there is a lot of it .
Gas chromatography is a type of chromatography .
Gasoline is very dangerous .
Gassville is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Gastornis has been depicted as predatory .
Gastriocerataceae is one of 17 superfamilies of the Goniatitina suborder .
Gastritis is an inflammation of the lining of the stomach .
Gastropods are one of the groups that record the changes in fauna caused by the advance and retreat of the Ice Sheets during the Pleistocene epoch .
Gastropods from several different families are caled sea slugs .
Gastrulation is a phase early in the development of most animal embryos .
Gastrulation varies in different phyla .
Gatbawi is a statue of Buddha .
Gatcombe is a village and civil parish on the Isle of Wight .
Gateshead F.C. is an association football team who are from England .
Gateshead is the main settlement in the Metropolitan Borough of Gateshead .
Gathers originaly played at the University of Southern California before transfering to Loyola Marymount University with his teammate Bo Kimble .
Gatorade is a sports drink manufactured by PepsiCo .
Gatwick Express is the name of a train that runs between Victoria station in London and Gatwick Airport in South East England .
Gauchy is a commune .
Gauge bosons are carrier particles for three of the four fundamental forces .
Gauge bosons are the particles that are thought to interact with a Higgs field .
Gauriac is a commune .
Gauriaguet is a commune .
Gauss also taught himself to read .
Gauss contributed to many areas of learning .
Gauss was correct .
Gauss wrote Disquisitiones Arithmeticae which is a book about number theory .
Gautama Buddha taught that pain is a part of all life .
Gautama Buddha who started Buddhism had also visited this city .
Gavere is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
Gavialidae is a family of reptiles within the order Crocodilia .
Gavrelle is a commune .
Gavrilo Princip went to a cafe to buy a sandwich .
Gavrus is a commune .
Gavrus was a roman cognomen .
Gaye moved back to Washington D.C. and formed a group called The Marquees .
Gazelles are known as fast animals .
Gaziantep also the 6th biggest city in Turkey .
Gee Jon was the first person to be executed in a gas chamber .
Gellar appeared in the sequel The Grudge 2 .
Gellar found out that she needed permission from the government to take the sword out of the country .
Gellar has also been in the Stone Temple Pilots music video Sour Girl and is a celebrity spokesperson for the cosmetics company Maybelline .
Gellar has said in interviews that she believes in God but does not belong to an organized religion .
Gellar left All My Children in 1995 .
Gellar made other commercials while doing other acting job .
Gellar was a very good student and was a good figure skater .
Gellar was born in New York City .
General Breckinridge sent Witcher and his men of the 34th on ahead of his main force and ordered them to harass the Union army .
General Burbridge attacked just as the fog lifted .
General Franco became a harsh dictator until 1975 when Juan Carlos I was brought back to Spain and made king .
General Jacob died here in 1858 and the city still bears his name .
General Stoneman claimed to have captured 34 officers and 845 enlisted men during the raid .
General health is another of the many factors .
Generally one dancer performs this dance .
Generally the best tatami use more and longer igusa .
Generally the flattest place in the bastide was used for the square .
Genesis says that Adam and Eve ate from the Tree of Knowledge even after God told them it was not allowed .
Genius Denied is a book written by the Davidson company .
Genome analysis does show that the tunicates are the closest living relatives of vertebrates .
Genscher served in World War II from 1943 to 1945 .
Gensher was Foreign Minister and Vice Chancellor of Germany from 1974 to 1982 under Helmut Schmidt .
Gentle stroke its tummy with one finger .
Gentlemen Prefer Blondes also marked one of the earliest films in which William Travilla dressed Monroe .
Geologists call these cliffs as Varkala Formation .
George Augustus ascended the throne as George II of Great Britain .
George Austen seemed to have let his daughters read the books in his large library freely .
George H. W. Bush had become a successful person and had founded Zapata Corporation .
George Haliburton Hume was born in Newcastle upon Tyne to Sir William Errington Hume and Marie Elizabeth Tisseyre .
George I of Great Britain died 11 June 1727 .
George Washington was the first president of the United States .
George and Cassandra married on 26 April 1764 at Walcot Church in Bath .
George had Caroline buried in Westminster Abbey .
George never noticed .
George was almost ten years older than Jane .
George was at her side .
George was set free on 1 August 2008 .
Georgi Markov was a Bulgarian dissident assassinated on Waterloo Bridge by agents of the Bulgarian secret police assisted by the KGB .
Gergiev has worked hard in England to bring music to a wide audience including children .
Gergiev is well known for conducting without a baton .
Gergiev was born in Moscow but was brought up in North Ossetia in the Caucasus .
German East Africa was captured by the British during World War I and its name was changed to Tanganyika .
German bombs fall on Guernica in Spain on 26 April 1937 .
German driver Michael Schumacher has made the most number of total fastest laps with 76 .
German emperors were crowned in the cathedral in Aachen until 1531 .
German generals issued reports of the number of victims as the war progressed .
German traders and crusaders came to Latvia at the end of the 12th century .
Germanicus invaded the Marsi for a third time and devastated their land .
Germanicus was recalled to Rome and informed by Tiberius that he would be given a Triumph and be given a new command .
Germans had kept to themselves in these communities for decades .
Germans started arriving in 1828 .
Germany banned from having some types of weapons and ships by the Treaty of Versailles .
Germany got the Saarland back in 1957 and it became a Bundesland .
Germany had been very important to the economy of Europe for a long time .
Germany has no clear view .
Germany was divided into two parts after the war .
Germs and poisons cause diseases and other health problems .
Gesualdo came from an aristocratic family .
Gesualdo died alone at his castle .
Gesualdo spent the last years of his life doing nothing except music .
Getting involved in caving in the United States is through the National Speleological Society or NSS for short .
Getting rid of a wart that way can take up to 12 weeks .
Getting salt from different layers of rock in a mountain used to be a very dangerous job .
Getting the DIN sizes is very hard .
Getting the system working again and restoring the data from a backup copy may take a long time .
Getting x by itself gives .
Gettysburg is still the largest battle to ever be fought on American soil .
Ghetto Freak Show 15 .
Ghiberti was famous because he had won an important competition to make a huge set of beautiful doors for the oldest church in the city .
Giacomo Agostini holds the current record for the most fastest laps with 117 .
Giambologna and Benvenuti Cellini were Mannerist sculptors .
Giant apes found the baby Tarzan and took care of him .
Gidayu kyogen or Maruhonmono are kabuki plays that were first written as puppet plays .
Giffords was shot in the head at point blank range .
Gigabit ethernet uses four wires for transmission .
Gillan is also noted for singing the part of Jesus on the original rock opera concept album Jesus Christ Superstar .
Gillan later became lead singer of Black Sabbath .
Gilmour has also recorded and released albums as a solo performer .
Gilmour has always been active with many different charities .
Ginger ale is flavored with ginger root .
Giogio Vasari expressed this thought at the head of his Vita of Botticelli .
Giovanni Gabrieli wrote a lot of music like this .
Girl Balancing on a Ball and The Actor are two paintings from this time .
Giulio Romano was a Mannerist architect .
Give kittens their special kitten food .
Given the current attendance figures then a new stand with around the same capacity as the existing West Stand would be more than viable .
Giving each piece a number helps us to know exactly which piece of music we are talking about .
Gladys was mentally unstable and financially unable to care for her daughter .
Glaser had a great director career as a film and television .
Glasgow was announced as the host city on 9th November 2007 .
Globular clusters are spherical tightly knit balls of stars which are part of the outer halo of the Milky Way .
Globulins can be taken up by weak salt water .
Glover made his big screen debut in the 1979 movie Escape from Alcatraz .
Gloves should always be worn when handling bases .
Go to .
Goals from penalty shootouts are not included .
Goats and other pet animals graze in pastures .
Gobryas was now made governor of the province of Babylon .
Godfrey Hardy was a professor of mathematics at Cambridge University .
Godse dropped out of high school and became an activist with the Hindu Mahasabha .
Gold was found in the area in 1851 .
Goldmark came from a large Jewish family .
Goldmark had taught the composer George Gershwin .
Goldwater was a member of the Republican Party .
Golfers play at the Mansfield Golf Club on Kidston Parade .
Gomez refereed a Europa League match between Motherwell F.C. and Steaua Bucharest in which he was criticised by Motherwell manager Jim Gannon .
Good Luck .
Good players castle in most of their games .
Goodall has been married twice .
Goodall is best known for her study of chimpanzee social and family life .
Goody was a housemate once again in Celebrity Big Brother 2007 .
Google plans to have the network in operation by 2012 .
Gordon Freeman wakes up on a train in a place named City 17 .
Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz and Isaac Newton developed most of the basis of mathematical analysis .
Government The state was governed by the hereditary rulers of the Maghlot dynasty who were styled as Mir and were assisted by a council of Wazirs or Ministers .
Government is how people organize themselves to be directed by politics .
Governments and the military have also built large facilities designed to listen in to communications between other governments and military groups .
Governments began cutting back the NSW country rail systems and the trains are no longer an important part of Parkes .
Governments build other roads for trade and to allow settlers into the forest .
Governments often make rules about private postal delivery systems .
Governor Lloyd Stark was his primary opponent .
Governor Ralph Darling told hotel owners they would have their hotels closed if they allowed people to sing songs about Donahue .
Grace let Norma Jeane wear makeup and took her out to get her hair curled .
Grace was the first to give evidence .
Grade II listed railway stations in England and Wales .
Gradually these little bits come together and at the end the music concentrates on the piano .
Graffiti is also used to send other messages .
Grammar .
Granada still celebrates the 2nd of January .
Granat was the head of Dimension Films .
Grand work the last job was .
Grants of land are also awarded to individuals and companies to help develop unused land in relatively unpopulated countries .
Gravity holds galaxies together .
Gravy is a brown sauce served with meat .
Gray means the color of wisdom .
Greater Manchester has a very big railway network .
Greece and the Republic of Macedonia have been arguing over the name Macedonia ever since the indipendence of the Macedonia .
Green background for wins .
Green cardamom is one of the most expensive spices by weight but little is needed to give the flavor .
Green colors come from special algae .
Green manures are crops grown for the express purpose of plowing them under .
Greenberg had told him that the best way to go against the slurs from the opposing players was to beat them on the field .
Greene agreed that she could earn more by leaving 20th Century Fox .
Greenhouse gases change the climate and weather on our planet Earth .
Greenhouses are special buildings where plants are grown .
Greg Graffin thinks that the politics in the United States can make it hard to talk about the problems .
Gregor Mendel discovered some basic rules of heredity .
Gregor soon appears in his flying machine .
Gregor then takes them to where a new Atoll is being built .
Greinke played his first game for the Royals in May 2004 .
Gretzky married American actress Janet Jones in 1988 .
Gretzky was a star junior player with the Sault Ste . Marie Greyhounds of the Ontario Hockey League .
Grey Seals are very common around the Faroese shores .
Grey cast iron is very good at conducting heat .
Griffith Park and finally Elysian Park are the eastern end of the Santa Monica Mountains .
Grohl joined shortly before the release of Nevermind .
Groucho kept working after his brothers retired .
Group masturbation events can be found online in just about any state .
Grover Cleveland did win .
Growing cardamom has become an important source of income for many poor farmers .
Growth cycles are controlled by a chemical signal like epidermal growth factor .
Growth is slow as food is not abundant at depths where the animals live .
Gryadushchiye nam otkryvayut goda .
Guano mining stopped about 1927 .
Guards and doctors report that his only interest seems to be himself .
Guide books are available .
Guinness was selected because he was believed to be anti Jewish and made statements supporting sending all Jews in Europe to the African island of Madagascar .
Gummo did not appear in any of the movies .
Gun ballistics ma be divided into the following four categories .
Gustav Mahler often wrote marches in his symphonies .
Guts on the Ceiling 8 .
HAFS was established on October 9 .
HTST is the most common method .
Haacht is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
Haaltert is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
Haarlem is a city in the Netherlands and the capital of the province North Holland .
Habarcq is a commune .
Habay is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg .
Habemus Papam !
Habemus Papam refers to the announcement given in Latin by the Senior Cardinal Deacon when a new Pope has been chosen .
Habenaria mossii is a species of plant in the Orchidaceae family .
Haber was the first person to successfully complete the process .
Habitat fragmentation is not good because it involves some amount of habitat destruction .
Habitat is also called a dwelling place .
Habsburg is a municipality of the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Hackensack is a city of Bergen County in the state of New Jersey in the United States .
Hackleton is a large village that is neighboured by Piddington and Horton .
Hackney Downs railway station is in the London Borough of Hackney in east London .
Had this bid been successfully the VGR would have continued operating at Barry .
Haddocks are important fish for the fishing industry .
Hadock is a fish that lives in the Atlantic ocean .
Hadrian spent much of his time with the military .
Hadrons are simply particles made of quarks .
Hadrosaurs had a stiff tail that was probably used for balance .
Haemophilia is a blood condition that means bleeding does not stop .
Hafez learned the Quran by heart at an early age .
Hafnium is a chemical element .
Hafnium is found in zirconium minerals .
Hafnium is used in tungsten alloys in filaments and electrodes .
Hagerman is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Hagerstown has often been referred to as and is nicknamed the Hub City .
Hagerstown is a center of transit and commerce .
Hagfish are scavengers .
Hagfish are usually not eaten by humans .
Hagfish makes a slime covering that makes predator go away .
Hail does a very great amount of damage every year .
Hail to the Thief is an album by the band Radiohead .
Hailey is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Haileyville is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Haillicourt is a commune .
Hainan is an island that is to the south of China .
Hainanese chicken rice is a dish created by the people of Hainan .
Hainault is a station on the Central Line of the London Underground in Hainault in the London Borough of Redbridge .
Hair color is passed down by parents only .
Hair follicle nerve receptors sense the position of the hairs .
Hair grows between the scales and near the rear of the animal .
Hair is made of keratin .
Hair is something that grows from the skin of mammals .
Hair straightening is when a person makes their hair straighter .
Hair texture is also inherited genetically .
Hairpin turns may be built when a road or path climbs up or down a steep slope .
Hairpin turns may be called switchbacks in American English .
Haisnes is a commune .
Haiti has a tropical weather .
Haiti has consistently ranked among the most corrupt countries in the world on the Corruption Perceptions Index .
Haiti is currently the least developed country in the Americas .
Haiti is divided into ten departements .
Haiti is the only country in the Americas on the United Nations list of Least Developed Countries .
Haiti national football team is the national football team of Haiti .
Hakob Kojoyan helped Armenian architect Alexander Tamanian in creating the coat of arms for the Democratic Republic of Armenia .
Hala is a gotra or clan of the Jat people found in the states of Punjab and Uttar Pradesh in India and in the province of Sindh in Pakistan .
Halakha is the Hebrew word for the Jewish code of laws .
Halbur is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Halen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg .
Haley Joel Osment is an American actor .
Haleyville is a city in Marion and Winston Counties in the U.S. state of Alabama .
Half Life 2 is based on a game engine called Source .
Half of Ohio saw an ice storm and half saw heavy rain .
Halifax Town Association Football Club were an English football team who most recently played in the Conference National .
Halifax lies close to Huddersfield and Bradford .
Halimah knew that she had a blessed child with all the miracles and blessings .
Halinghen is a commune .
Hallaj memorized the Quran when he was young .
Hallau is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland .
Hallines is a commune .
Halloween is a holiday in many English speaking countries that is celebrated on the night of October 31st .
Halls is a brand of cough drops that are popular in Canada and the United States .
Hallstadt is a town in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg .
Hallstadt is also a town near Bamberg in Germany .
Hallstatt is a village in Upper Austria .
Hallucinations are also different from illusions .
Hallucinations are different from dreams .
Hallucinations just before going to sleep or just after waking up are considered normal .
Hallwil is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Halo 2 allows up to four players to play on the same console or up to sixteen over Xbox Live .
Halo 2 has many features that were not in the original Halo .
Halo 2 has sold over 8 million copies in the US making it the best selling original Xbox game of all time .
Halo 2 was officially announced in 2002 .
Halo 2 was the most popular Xbox Live game on its release .
Halo 3 begins where Halo 2 left off .
Halo 3 has one of the largest amounts of players online of games .
Halo 3 was mostly given very good reviews in the media .
Halo Reach is a First Person shooter game set before Halo 1 .
Halo is a shooting video game series .
Halo is rated M for mature .
Halo is surrounded by many Covenant ships .
Haloarchaea are protists and members of the halophile community .
Halophiles also ferment salted fish .
Halophiles are categorized by the levels of salt at which they grow best .
Halophiles are living things that must have salt in their environment to live .
Halophiles are useful for cleaning up polluted environments .
Halophiles play an important part in ecosystems .
Halophiles play an important part in the fermentation of some foods .
Halophilic microorganisms are useful in biotechnology .
Halten is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Ham is meat that comes from a thigh of a pig .
Ham is used in SPAM .
Hamars is a commune .
Hamas does not recognize the State of Israel .
Hamas is also associated in some way with Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine headed by Ahmed Jibril .
Hamburg is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Hamburg is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Hamburgers are named for a city in Germany called Hamburg .
Hamelincourt is a commune .
Hamer is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Hamhuis formerly played for the Nashville Predators for 6 seasons .
Hamhuis played in the WHL for the Prince George Cougars for 4 seasons and played for the Milwaukee Admirals in the AHL .
Hamilcar began to conquer the tribes of Spain .
Hamilcar had to march towards the Pillars of Hercules and transport it across the strait .
Hamilcar said yes and made Hannibal promise that he would never be a friend of Rome .
Hamilton County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida .
Hamilton County was created in 1827 from portions of Jefferson County .
Hamilton is a big city in the Canadian province of Ontario .
Hamilton is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Hamilton is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Hamilton is on the west end of the Niagara Peninsula .
Hamilton is the capital city of Bermuda .
Hamilton was part of Wentworth County until 1974 .
Hamilton would like a National Hockey League team but it does not have one .
Hamlet is not sure that the ghost is really his father .
Hamlet is one of the hardest parts for an actor to perform .
Hamlet is the son of the King of Denmark .
Hamlet kills Claudius with the poisoned sword .
Hamlet returns just as her funeral is happening .
Hamlet tells his mother that he knows about the murder .
Hamme is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
Hammer throw is an athletic throwing event .
HammerFall took a break because of this .
HammerFall toured after the release of the album .
Hammerbeam roof is a type of wooden roof found in architecture .
Hammerhead shark of the genus Sphyrna are members of the family Sphyrnidae .
Hamming codes are generated according to certain rules .
Hamming codes are used for digital signal processing and telecommunications .
Hamming codes use multiple parity bits .
Hammurabi did not fight any important wars in the early part of his reign .
Hamois is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur .
Hampden Park also hosted the 2007 UEFA Cup Final on May 16 when Sevilla defeated Espanyol to retain the trophy .
Hampden will be the key stadium of the 2014 Commonwealth Games .
Hampden will host the athletics events at the 2014 Commonwealth Games .
Hampshire is a county in the south of the UK .
Hampshire was created in 1965 by four other colleges as an experiment in higher education .
Hampton is a city in Florida in the United States .
Hampton is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Hampton is a city of Virginia in the United States .
Hampton is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Hamstead is a village on the Isle of Wight .
Hamster are not recommended for young children .
Hamsters store food in the sides of their mouths .
Han Seungyeon debuted as a child actress in a cameo role in Star in My Heart . .
Han Solo is a fictional character in Star Wars played by Harrison Ford .
Hanau was first mentioned in 1143 and became a city in 1303 .
Hanbok consists of various components .
Hanbok had a long history .
Hanbok has been a great part of Korean culture though history .
Hancock is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Hancock would get more men and drive back the attack .
Hand axes have certainly been used for at least a million and a half years .
Hand loom weaving of the area used to be very popular .
Hand stand 33 .
Hand washing is the process of cleaning hands with water and soap or other special liquids .
Hand washing prevents lots of new disease .
Handedness is the preference for using either the left or the right side of the body for certain things .
Hands are good at grabbing things .
Haneda Airport is close to central Tokyo and is the largest domestic airport in the country .
Hanja is the Korean word for Chinese characters .
Hanlontown is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Hannah Montana is a 2006 Disney Channel television series .
Hannapes is a commune .
Hannescamps is a commune .
Hannibal attacked the city because of this .
Hannibal began losing ground .
Hannibal decided to march through Samnium to Campania .
Hannibal drew him into a trap .
Hannibal found Flaminius camped at Arretium .
Hannibal got away from a Roman force sent to fight him in Gaul .
Hannibal is listed as one of the greatest military commanders in history .
Hannibal left New Carthage in late spring of 218 BC .
Hannibal lost .
Hannibal made Flaminius chase him .
Hannibal told his father
Hannibal told the Tarentines to mark every house where Tarentines lived .
Hannibal was defeated .
Hannibal was in position to head him off .
Hannibal was quite young .
Hannibal went into voluntary exile .
Hannover 96 joined the Bundesliga in 1964 and played there for the following ten years .
Hannover 96 was German Football Champion in 1938 and 1954 and German Cup winner in 1992 .
Hanover has a very modern zoo and an international airport .
Hanover is located at the river Leine .
Hans Christian Andersen died in 1875 at the age of 70 .
Hans Christian Andersen has written many stories and fairy tales .
Hans Moleman is a character in The Simpsons .
Hans Moleman is the retconned name of the character .
Hans Richter was the conductor .
Hansell is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Hansen is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Hanson is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Hanuman is a very powerful and strong god .
Hanuman is one of the most popular gods of Hindus .
Haplincourt is a commune .
Happencourt is a commune .
Happiness ... Is Not a Fish That You Can Catch is the third studio album by Canadian rock Our Lady Peace .
Happiness is a feeling of pleasure and satisfaction .
Happiness is usually thought of as the opposite of sadness .
Happiness sometimes causes you to cry when you laugh because the emotion takes control .
Happy Feet won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature but did not win the Annie Award for Best Animated Feature .
Happy Gilmore is a sports comedy movie made in 1996 .
Happy Science is a new religious and spiritual movement in Japan .
Haptic technology or haptics is a tactile feedback technology .
Haramont is a commune .
Harare is the capital of Zimbabwe .
Haravesnes is a commune .
Harbour means to shelter or keep safe .
Harcigny is a commune .
Harcourt is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Hard rock is a variation of rock music with roots in early 1960s garage rock and psychedelic rock .
Hard water is generally not harmful .
Hardcore band singers often sing by shouting the words of the song .
Hardcore began in the 1980s in North America .
Hardcore songs often sound like the singer is angry .
Hardee County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
Hardee County was formed in 1921 .
Hardened steel usually refers to quenched or quenched and tempered steel .
Hardin is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Harding died in 1923 and Coolidge became the next President .
Harding is married and has two children .
Hardinghen is a commune .
Hardinsburg is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Hardware is the artifacts of a technology .
Hardy also played for the Buffalo Bills from 2008 to 2010 .
Hardy is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Hardy is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Hardy was drafted out of Indiana University by the Buffalo Bills with the 41st pick in the second round of the 2008 NFL Draft .
Harelbeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
Harem is a japanese anime where a male character is surrounded by multiple female characters and possible trends relating to this .
Harem means the women and the place where they live in a polygynous household .
Harems were meant for the royal upbringing of the future wives of noble and royal men .
Harewood was drafted out of Morehouse College by the Baltimore Ravens with the 194th overall pick in the 6th round of the 2010 NFL Draft .
Harihara is also sometimes used as a philosophical term when one wants to speak of the unity of Vishnu and Shiva as different aspects of the same Supreme God .
Harihara is the deity that combines Vishnu and Shiva .
Haripur is a city in Pakistan .
Harlan is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Harlan is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Harlem is a neighborhood in the New York City borough of Manhattan and was a village independent of New York City until 1873 .
Harly is a commune .
Harmon County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Harmonicas are cheap and easy to play .
Harmonicas are played by blowing or sucking air into one side .
Harmony can be atonal .
Harnes is a commune .
Harold Lloyd made nearly 200 movies .
Harp players play songs by plucking the strings in the right order and at the right time .
Harp players pluck the strings with their fingers .
Harper County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Harper Lee is an author .
Harper is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Harpers Ferry is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Harpsichords are keyboard instruments that produce sound by having the strings plucked with a plectrum .
Harpsichords were very important in music from the Renaissance and Baroque periods .
Harrah is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Harrington is a city of Delaware in the United States .
Harris Scarfe has stores located in most Australian states .
Harris Scarfe is an Australian department store .
Harris is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Harrisburg is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Harrison Bergeron is a boy who is very talented .
Harrison Bergeron is a science fiction short story by Kurt Vonnegut .
Harrison Ford is an American actor .
Harrison is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Harrison is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Harrisonburg is an independent city .
Harrodsburg is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Harrow has educated boys since 1243 but was officially founded by John Lyon under a Royal Charter of Elizabeth I in 1572 .
Harry Catterick was an English football player and manager .
Harry Kewell started playing for Liverpool in 2003 before that he played for Leeds United .
Harry Patch received eight medals .
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is the fourth book in the Harry Potter series by J. K. Rowling .
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is the fifth book in the Harry Potter series by J.K. Rowling .
Harry Redknapp is an English association football manager .
Harry S. Truman went to France in World War 1 and was captain in the Field Artillery .
Harry Truman became president during the last few months of World War II .
Harry Truman moved back to Missouri .
Harry became a member of the Interstate Commerce Committee .
Harry became president when Franklin D. Roosevelt died in office .
Harry decided to talk about his experiences because he wanted everyone to realize how terrible wars are .
Harry had a hard time getting money .
Harry has not been back at school very long before it becomes clear that everybody inside the school is in danger .
Harry is hiding under an invisibility cloak .
Harry is one of the most famous wizards ever and Slughorn wants to be his friend .
Harry says okay .
Harry soon learns that he is already famous in the world of wizards .
Harry soon realizes why ... This is the only book where Lord Voldemort does not make an appearance .
Harry wanted wanted Grover Cleveland to win .
Hartel won a silver medal in the dressage event .
Hartford also used to have a National Hockey League team called the Hartford Whalers that played in the NHL from 1979 to 1997 .
Hartford has the third most people in the state behind Bridgeport and New Haven .
Hartford is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Hartford is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Hartford is the capital city of the U.S. state of Connecticut .
Hartlepool Utd F.C are an English Soccer team playing in the English Football League .
Hartley is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Hartshorne is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Hartwick is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Harty was ill for the last five years of his life .
Harty was knighted in 1925 .
Haruki Murakami is a Japanese author and translator .
Harvard has many libraries like Widener Library .
Harvard is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Harvard is located on the Charles River .
Harvey is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Harvey is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Hary is a commune .
Hasbro is an American toy company .
Haseena Atom Bomb is a 1990 cult Pakistani movie .
Hashemite University is a big university in zarqa
Hashish is a much stronger drug than marijuana .
Hashish is less dangerous than many other illegal drugs that are commonly used .
Hasidic study also includes many of the teachings of Kabbalah .
Hasidism teaches about the importance of serving God with happiness .
Haskell County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Haskovo is a town in southeastern Bulgaria .
Haslen is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
Hasselt is a city in Belgium .
Hassium is a chemical element .
Hassium is a radioactive element that does not exist in nature .
Hassium oxidises to hassium tetroxide .
Hassium was first made in 1984 .
Hassocks Infant School is a maintained infant school for pupils aged 4 to 7 .
Hassocks railway station serves the village .
Hastings is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Hastings is a town on the coast of East Sussex in England and is the administrative center for the borough of the same name .
Hastings was the most important fight in the Norman Conquest .
Hate crime is sometimes a way to frighten other people who belong to the same group .
Hate groups usually are against people who are different from members of the group .
Hate or hatred is an emotion of very strong dislike for someone or something .
Hate speech is communicating in a way that is meant to offend and hurt somebody .
Hatebreed was formed in 1994 .
Hathor appeared in four different forms .
Hathor had over power the Ancient Egyptians moods .
Hathor is one of the main goddesses .
Hathor was an Egyptian goddess .
Hats are different in different parts of the world .
Hatshepsut assumed all of the regalia and symbols of the pharaonic office in official representations .
Hatshepsut established the trade networks that had been disrupted during the Hyksos occupation of Egypt during the Second Intermediate Period .
Hatshepsut had been well trained in her duties as the daughter of the pharaoh .
Hattusili and the Egyptian pharaoh Ramesses II later made a peace treaty .
Hattusili led the Hittite forces in the Battle of Kadesh against Egypt in 1274 BC .
Haughey skillfully opposed the referendum along with the Roman Catholic Church and landed interests worried about property rights .
Haughey was elected Taoiseach on the casting vote of the Ceann Comhairle .
Haumea is a dwarf planet in the Solar System .
Haumea is special because of its very short day and odd shape .
Hausen bei Brugg is a municipality of the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Hauser is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Haute couture is made to order for a specific customer .
Hautevesnes is a commune .
Haution is a commune .
Havana is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Havana is a very old city .
Have You Been to the Beach Lately ?
Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas is an extremely popular Christmas song that is played every holiday season .
Havelange is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur .
Havelian is a city in Pakistan .
Havelland is the name for the regions on the banks of the Havel river between the city of Berlin and the Elbe river .
Havelock is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Haverhill is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Having a supportive group of friends and doing outside activities can also help prevent or ease depression .
Having all instructions have the same length can simplify the design .
Having sex with a person who can not consent is rape .
Havrincourt is a commune .
Hawaii has been a state since 1959 .
Hawaii is a U.S. state of the United States .
Hawaii is also the name of the largest island .
Hawaiians today still enjoy kalua pig that has been cooked in an imu at baby luaus and parties .
Hawarden is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Hawesville is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Hawk Nelson is my Friend is the latest album by Christian rock band Hawk Nelson .
Hawk Nelson played music without help when they first started .
Hawkeye is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Hawks are a very common type of bird that can be found in every habitat in North America except in the high arctic and in extensive tracts of dense forests .
Hawks soar with wings raised slightly above horizontal .
Hawks start breeding when they are one year old .
Hawthorne Heights are an American rock band .
Hawthorne is a city of Florida in the United States .
Hay is fed when there is not enough pasture or rangeland on which an animal can graze .
Hay is mostly used as animal feed .
Hay is the general name for grass that has been cut and dried .
Hayden Lake is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Hayden has an area of 7.8 square miles .
Hayden is a city of Kootenai County in the state of Idaho in the United States .
Haye gave away his titles at cruiserweight and moved up to the heavyweight division .
Haye hit Maccarinelli with two big punches before the referee stopped the match .
Haye moved up to the heavyweight division and beat Monte Barrett in 2008 .
Haye said he has wanted to be the heavyweight champion since he was a toddler .
Haye said he planned to move up to the heavyweight division .
Haye says he plans to retire before his 31st birthday .
Haye started his career as an amateur .
Haye won in the first round .
Haye won the European title on 16 December 2006 when he beat Alexander Gurov .
Hayek has appeared in more than thirty films and worked as an actress outside of Hollywood in Mexico and Spain .
Hayesville is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Hayk builds a castle called Haykaberd and the village of Haykashen .
Hayk is also called the founder of the Haykazuni dynasty .
Haylie is two and a half years older than her sister .
Haynes learned to dribble the basketball from his sisters .
Hazard is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Hazard symbols are special symbols .
Hazel is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Hazel tells Bigwig to stay there and fight and he takes Blackberry and Dandelion out of the burrow .
Hazelton is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Hazleton is a city of Iowa in the United States .
He acted as the 31st Governor of Wyoming .
He acted in more than 200 movies over 50 years .
He acted on the Jack Benny radio program .
He acts on the hit Nickelodeon show iCarly .
He added to the fortifications .
He added to this new ideas that he learned by looking at the work of other artists .
He advocated and developed the ideas of Keynesian economics .
He again began working on the arrangement and the song was released .
He agreed to play on condition that the money that was made at the festival would be given to a refugee hospital nearby .
He almost died of hunger .
He also added a summer school program to the college .
He also appeared in a movie about himself called The Nat King Cole Story .
He also appeared in the Jackie Chan Adventures TV series .
He also appeared on Dancing With the Stars in the 2009 season .
He also appears to have very good reflexes .
He also asked them to tell people he was OK .
He also attended Haines City High School .
He also became James VII in Scotland .
He also became professor of composition at Paris Conservatoire .
He also began to abuse alcohol .
He also began to have a lot of problems with his eye and his family .
He also blame Hayley Williams because treating the rest of the group member as her solo project .
He also built many temples in Egypt .
He also challenged many of their leaders and druids such as Aodhan the Brave also known as Chief Aodhan .
He also commented in the fields of family therapy and general psychotherapy .
He also competed in the Formula Vauxhall Junior championship in Great Britain .
He also competed in the Macau Grand Prix .
He also conducted sophisticated tests and developed engineering methods for water turbine design .
He also conducted the Royal Theatre when Svendsen retired .
He also created milk chocolate .
He also did a failed pilot called Spacecataz .
He also did not have much power .
He also directed and acted in several feature films including Pretty Woman and Runaway Bride .
He also does things without thinking .
He also earned the first pole position for India for the feature race in Brands Hatch in 2008 .
He also encouraged the people to loathe the education organization .
He also fought for the Declaration of Independence at the Second Continental Congress in 1776 .
He also founded the Societe Nationale de Musique which helped new music to be performed .
He also gave masterclasses at American schools and universities as well as in other countries .
He also had a bit part in The Love Guru .
He also had a dream for the future India .
He also had a hard time finishing the writing projects he started .
He also had a sister called Edith .
He also had a sister that was born dead when he was 3 or 4 years old .
He also had a wife called Arobbea .
He also had organist jobs at Belfast and Dublin .
He also had photographs of himself in his flat with a mask and guns .
He also has a PhD in transportation engineering from the same university .
He also has a tail .
He also has acted in other films .
He also has directed multiple music videos .
He also has the highest number of centuries in both formats of the game .
He also helped people to like Bach whose music had been forgotten for a long time .
He also helped to make the Darmstadt Summer Courses a famous center for modern music .
He also introduced timpani with pedals .
He also investigated fake spiritualists and was a skeptic .
He also kept the Dodgers close to the lead for the 1951 pennant .
He also learned how to fight .
He also learned how to write music and play various musical instruments .
He also learned to dance Argentine tango .
He also learns that his fate is connected to Lord Voldemort .
He also looked at the problem of causality .
He also lost interest in playing or managing professional baseball .
He also made a show called Futurama which is set in the future .
He also makes the scope of the misery she inflicts on mankind bigger .
He also married Cecilia Matos during this time .
He also married couples when the king prohibited it .
He also met Aga Khan III .
He also outlines means of creating a personal warming center by using ATM access cards .
He also owns labels making perfumes .
He also painted his friends .
He also played Kirk in an episode of The Suite Life of Zack and Cody .
He also played bass guitar in a band and sang for another band .
He also played college baseball at Pepperdine University .
He also played football .
He also played for the Chicago Blackhawks from 2006 to 2010 .
He also played for the Harlem Wizards .
He also played for the Port Arthur Bearcats and the Fort William Beavers before officially retiring in 1966 .
He also played in the 2008 movie Tropic Thunder .
He also played in the OHL with the Owen Sound Attack and Sault Ste . Marie Greyhounds .
He also played with the Belleville Bulls of the OHL .
He also plays in the movies 17 Again and Charlie St. Cloud .
He also plays the electric guitar and the piano .
He also produced the latest M. Night Shyamalan films The Happening and The Last Airbender .
He also read from the Bible at the installation ceremony of Archbishop Robert Runcie as of Canterbury in 1980 .
He also read works of Kalidasa .
He also received an Honorary Award from the Academy in 1961 .
He also received many more after his death .
He also recommended the use of cauterization for the area treated if necessary .
He also represented the Republican Party at several conventions .
He also returned the British honor of Knighthood as a protest against the 1919 Amritsar massacre .
He also runs and is the main writer for Futurama .
He also says he will not be coming back to Hogwarts next year .
He also says that his son Malcolm will be his heir .
He also scored 48 goals for the England national team .
He also served as commander of several Army medical units .
He also served as the 40th Surgeon General of the United States Army .
He also sold stories for films or magazines and would find a writer to make a book that a publisher wanted .
He also starred in the movie Hairspray .
He also started receiving some royalties for his literary works .
He also started to write down his ideas .
He also stated that people are allowed to receive humanitarian assistance .
He also stopped Nubian revolts and ran a campaign in Libya .
He also stripped the all titles from those members of the Royal Family who fought for Germany .
He also studied classical philology at the University of Heidelberg .
He also studied the church modes .
He also taught at Harvard University .
He also taught at the Guildhall School of Music .
He also taught her etching .
He also taught law part time at the University of Chicago Law School .
He also thinks that Islamic society today is different from what it was when the Koran was written .
He also thought that black people should support one another by shopping in stores owned by black people .
He also translated other famous works of literature .
He also united the tribes around Cuzco .
He also used to play for the Golden State Warriors .
He also wanted to have a Catholic successor to the throne .
He also was a member in the Israeli national team .
He also was music teacher to the Duke of Chartres .
He also was on Team USA at the 2006 World Junior Championships .
He also was the first mathematician to explain Modular arithmetic in a very detailed way .
He also wears glasses .
He also won the 2010 Home Run Derby .
He also won the National League Most Valuable Player Award in 1949 .
He also won the Royal Rumble in 2005 .
He also won the election in November .
He also won the prestigious McLaren Autosport BRDC Young Driver of The Year Award in 2004 .
He also won three MVP awards with them .
He also worked as a poet .
He also worked editing and publishing the Wilmington Chronicle .
He also worked with Ernest Rutherford .
He also wredtled for Florida Championship Wrestling where was a one time FCW Florida Heavyweight Championship .
He also wrestled for World Championship Wrestling when he was one of the Jung Dragons and was known as Yang and also wrestled for TNA Wrestling .
He also writes books .
He also writes that Varus neglected to send out advance reconnaissance parties .
He also wrote a lot of books about what he found .
He also wrote a lot of music for plays .
He also wrote a story which might tell of his own experience .
He also wrote a type of love poem which was new in German literature .
He also wrote articles about music .
He also wrote chamber and orchestral music .
He also wrote hymn tunes for the English Hymnal .
He also wrote kabuki plays under the name of Hyogo Mimasuya .
He also wrote many articles and introductions to story collections .
He also wrote other books about dogs and wolves .
He also wrote some masses .
He also wrote some serious sacred music .
He also wrote the book Chitty Chitty Bang Bang in 1964
He and 75 men took up positions in and around the covered bridge .
He and Ashelin usually work together .
He and Marion are then tied up as Belloq and the Nazis test the power of the Ark by opening it .
He and Team Columbia manager Bob Stapleton agreed that riding the Alps was a risk to his hopes .
He and Walter Norman Haworth won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1937 .
He and his army fought with Ravana and his army .
He and his family came to Vienna in 1905 .
He and his wife adopted two children .
He and his wife are also good friends with Raven Symone .
He appeared in 2010 ITV2 show The Only Way Is Essex .
He appeared on the art scene in Rome in 1600 .
He appeared regularly at the Bayreuth Festival .
He appears for the first time in A New Hope .
He appears to her in a dream and shows her where he is buried .
He applied the name to the territory that was explored in that year .
He approaches him quietly and then jumping on Calvin .
He argued for Ireland to continue with European integration .
He argued that since the struggle with Iran had been fought for the benefit of the other Persian Gulf Arab states as much as for Iraq that a share of Iraqi debt should be forgiven .
He arranged a screen test for her .
He arranged for Darnley to be killed .
He arranged for her education .
He as to be one of their race drivers .
He ascended into heaven and is seated at the right hand of the Father .
He asked Fitzhagen to make any necessary changes to the cello part .
He asked himself if the world was ready for such a deep teaching .
He asks the captain to take the boy or to hang him .
He ate only six grains of rice a day .
He attained realization at a place not far from the town now known as Ganagapur .
He attempted to escape his attackers through a sewer but could not because the sewer was blocked .
He attended Harvard University where he graduated in 1991 and majored in social anthropology .
He attended Newington College from 1950 to 1955 .
He attended Power Memorial High School in New York .
He attended Westminster School before joining the British East India Company in 1750 as a clerk .
He attended the University of Delaware in 1950 and earned a Bachelor of Science in Chemistry .
He attended the medical school at the University of Turin .
He balances a blackbird pie on his head .
He barely uses this because it uses too much energy .
He beat Goliath by knocking him down with a small stone from his slingshot .
He became Foreign Minister and Vice Chancellor .
He became Leader of the Government in the Senate on October 31 1893 .
He became Premier on 26 May 2008 .
He became Premier on 5 September 2008 .
He became Premier when Charles Court resigned .
He became Prime Minister after the retirement of Robert Menzies .
He became Prime Minister two days before the Great Depression began .
He became Prime Minister when Joseph Lyons died in office .
He became a Baptist minister .
He became a Cardinal in 1622 .
He became a counselor at the institution .
He became a football manager and is unemployed at the moment .
He became a general and politician .
He became a member in the Swedish heavy metal band HammerFall in 1997 .
He became a naturalized American citizen in 1956 .
He became a star in 1969 when he landed a small part in the movie Easy Rider .
He became almost a recluse in the house he bought for his mother .
He became an important leader of the boycott .
He became an outfielder .
He became artistic director of the New York Grand Opera House which put on minstrel shows rather than proper operas .
He became conductor at the opera house in Dresden when Fritz Busch lost that job because he said he did not like the Nazis .
He became deputy mayor and first town councilman of Laubach .
He became director of the Conservatorium and made it one of the best in Europe .
He became famous for leading the Boers against the British at the time of the Boer War .
He became famous for painting in the abstract expressionist style .
He became famous very quickly .
He became famous when he won the Battle of Tannenberg in 1914 .
He became famous when he wrote an opera called Greek .
He became good friends with the composer Gustav Holst .
He became governor when Eliot Spitzer resigned .
He became head coach there in 1973 .
He became known for the music he wrote for films and TV .
He became known to the public with the 1969 song Space Oddity .
He became the Principal Conductor of the Swedish Radio Symphony Orchestra as of 2007 .
He became the concertmaster of the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra at the age of 20 .
He became the first Prime Minister of the Labor Party in 1924 .
He became the first player to win the Stanley Cup before the Calder .
He became the ruler of both countries when she died in 1694 .
He became the second actor in the history of the Golden Horse Awards to win the Best Actor Award year after year .
He became the youngest Formula One driver in history at the Hungarian Grand Prix .
He became the youngest actor ever nominated for Best Actor .
He became the youngest driver to score a Formula One World Championship point .
He became very depressed because of World War II .
He became very famous worldwide by playing the young adult Anakin Skywalker in the Star Wars films .
He became very rich after earning much money in meatpacking industry .
He been a member of the UK electric folk group Steeleye Span at two different times .
He began his career as a Democrat but later became a Republican .
He began his playing career with the Pittsburgh Penguins who drafted him in the 6th round of the 1979 NHL Entry Draft .
He began to make sculptural works .
He began to teach himself about Chinese literature and to learn the high school curriculum at sixteen .
He began work with the church in the Bacchus Marsh area .
He began working with the Liberal Party .
He began writing music that was more easily understood and more popular .
He begged to go with his father .
He believed that acidic lymph fluid was the cause of cancer .
He believed that governments should intervene in the economy in order to stabilise output and avoid recessions .
He believed that it was best to aim what was taught towards jobs that were currently available .
He believed that peace can only be obtained by accepting other races and religions and not creating any sort of difference .
He believed that the federal government should be as small as possible .
He belives there is too much light at Marina Bay .
He bought a house in an area where white people lived .
He bought a small farm at Glenorchy .
He bought himself a house outside Paris .
He bought himself his space travel .
He broke the previous record held by Vladimir Kramnik .
He broke up with his girlfriend after 15 years .
He brought Christianity to Ireland .
He brought her body back to India and she was buried was buried in the Bombay cemetery on 16 January 1797 .
He brought noodles back from China and the Italians formed all new sizes and shapes and called it pasta .
He built the first kart in Southern California in 1956 .
He built the first sawmill there in 1594 .
He called benign tumors oncos .
He called himself a political independent .
He called his flying machine Inspiration I. It was made of an ordinary outdoor chair and 45 large balloons full of helium .
He called his own ideas the New Testament .
He called malignant tumors carcinos .
He called the New Testament the Former Testament .
He called the plan the stimulus bill .
He called them sulphurata .
He came 1901 to Radebeul .
He came back home when he was 15 .
He came back to the band in 1986 to record The Uplift Mofo Party Plan .
He came from Bathurst in 1815 and set up his camp on Coombing Creek .
He came from a rich family that had lost its money in 1728 after the death of the Kangzi Emperor .
He came from the Mamodo World where hundreds of other Mamodos came from .
He came in 1854 and worked as a millwright at a local sawmill .
He came of an ancient Plebeian family who all were noted for some military service but not for the discharge of the higher civil offices .
He came to Earth to stop bad people .
He came to earth again to give Darshan to Sant Shiromani Shree Goswami Tulasidas .
He came up with a fruit flavored drink made from whatever he could find .
He camped at the town of Placentia and waited for more troops .
He can also get married and have a baby .
He can jump super high and step on people .
He can paint the walls with a mixture of his saliva and crushed berries which he brushes on with a stick .
He carried with him two letters .
He challenged John Cena to a title match and the stip was if he won he gets the title and if he loses he must quit RAW for good .
He challenged and beat Bob Hawke for the job of prime minister in 1991 .
He changed his name to Paul and he dedicated his life to serving Jesus Christ .
He changed the way people thought about cello technique .
He claimed that was acting by his conscious and he would like nothing more than to be proved wrong .
He claimed to have been made King by Edward the confessor .
He coached both professional and college football between 1962 and 1997 .
He coined the term traumatic masturbatory syndrome to describe this theory .
He come to beat ya .
He commands Hephaestus to make the first woman from earth .
He competed in sporting contests in the Varese .
He competed in the Italian Formula Renault Championship .
He completed his Master of Laws with Honours in 1970 .
He completed his Ph. D. in sociology from the University of Chicago .
He composed hymn tunes .
He composed lots of music of different kinds .
He composed many short cello pieces .
He composed many works for the cello which today are performed by cellists all over the world .
He composed music for the organ and harpsichord as well as vocal music .
He composed the first opera ever written .
He concluded that people apply the term game to a range of different human activities that are only related a little bit .
He conducted a performance of the Messiah and he was given a portrait of himself .
He conducted concerts in tribute to the victims of the massacre .
He conducted many modern and classical operas .
He conducted music by famous classical composers as well as British music by more recent composers .
He conducted some of Europes best orchestras .
He conducted the Gewandhaus Orchestra for 35 years and raised the standard of their playing .
He conducted them in lots of concerts .
He confiscated their belongings and sold them .
He considered a career in medicine and law .
He constantly describes ceremonial rites or superstitious customs .
He continued defeating the Romans whenever he could bring them into battle but was never able to complete another decisive victory .
He continued his career as a cellist .
He continued his preparation by racing the Tour de Suisse .
He continued in the World Series by Nissan in 2004 .
He continued studying these subjects throughout his life .
He continued to experiment with new ideas .
He continued to lead the Prades Festivals until 1966 .
He continued to look at them from January 8 through March 2 .
He continued to make the messages better .
He continued to race in Lombardy and Switzerland .
He continued to visit the festival at Prades every year until 1966 .
He continues to perform and record with Bad Religion today .
He converted many pagans to Christianity .
He converted to Judaism whilst in hospital in 1954 and 1955 .
He correctly chose a win for Spain against the Netherlands in the World Cup final .
He could afford to send his son to university but he made difficulties about it .
He could not bring himself to kill the German .
He could not control which way he moved .
He could not get on the train at Sydney because he was needed in the parliament at Canberra .
He could not make up his own mind on how to fix the problem .
He could not see well .
He could write music very quickly .
He crashed in stages 1 and 2 .
He crashed into the sea .
He crashed two laps from the end of the Monaco Grand Prix whilst running in 10th place .
He crashes in Kenya near the city of Mombasa .
He created many theories and ideas that are still used in psychology today .
He created the TV show called The Simpsons about a dysfunctional family which do not get along together and are always getting into trouble .
He criticized the policies of U.S. President George W. Bush .
He crossed the Antarctic Circle and found new islands and landscapes in North America and the South Pacific .
He currently drives for the Red Bull Racing Formula One team .
He currently manages Livingston .
He currently plays for Celtic and the Scottish national team .
He currently plays for Shamrock Rovers in Ireland and was top scorer in the 2009 league season .
He currently plays for the Los Angeles Galaxy in Major League Soccer but is currently out on loan to Italian Serie A side AC Milan .
He currently plays for the New England Patriots .
He currently races in the Formula Renault 3.5 Series .
He currently reside in Los Angeles .
He currently works for World Wrestling Entertainment on its SmackDown brand .
He currently works for World Wrestling Entertainment on their RAW brand as Santino Marella .
He currently works on late night television .
He cut off the head of the boy .
He decided not to accept government money for his campaign so that he could accept more money from people .
He decided that passing was the only legal option .
He decided to continue into central and southern Italy .
He decided to give up his worldly life .
He decided to go pro and signed with the Portland Trail Blazers of the NBA .
He decided to play for Yonsei University and won the university championship with them .
He decided to privately break the engagement .
He decided to start his music career instead .
He decided to study music even though his parents did not want him to .
He decided to take an Austrian boat to Patras .
He decided to wear something that would protect his hands so that they would not be damaged more .
He decimated them .
He defeated Jeff Hardy to again retain the WWE Title at the Royal Rumble .
He defeated the tribes through clever mountain tactics and stubborn fighting .
He defended his title against fellow Briton Audley Harrison in November 2010 .
He defended the title six times before losing it to Gene Tunney in 1926 .
He did it although his German generals did not agree with this plan of attack .
He did it in a very personal way and it made his employers angry .
He did it to give honor to the great master .
He did make a full recovery .
He did many bad things against the gods and goddesses .
He did not accept any presents or bribe .
He did not ask the man who arranged the photo to set up a date for him and Monroe until 1952 .
He did not believe in miracles .
He did not check the weather forecast and got caught in a storm .
He did not develop antibodies to H. pylori .
He did not earn much money and the family was growing quickly .
He did not even prepare the country for war .
He did not expect Hannibal to cross the Alps .
He did not find this very useful .
He did not get along with the Republicans .
He did not invite John Cage to lecture there in 1958 .
He did not like Winchester .
He did not like long rehearsals .
He did not like the new precentor who was appointed in 1858 .
He did not live to see the end of the Franco dictatorial regime .
He did not often perform as soloist .
He did not play many games as he was not seen to be a great player at that time .
He did not score any point in GP2 .
He did not slow down at the scene of an accident at Monaco .
He did not succeed .
He did not think that reaching his goal in life would cause so much excitement or make so many people laugh .
He did not think war was an art or a science .
He did not want them to think of his cultural impact on the game .
He did not want to have a state funeral .
He did quite well as court musician .
He did sometimes appears on political talk shows or events .
He did that .
He did this because he wanted to be better than God .
He did this by making the acts of Parliament invalid by Royal Decree .
He did this by showing that certain mosquito species transmit malaria to birds .
He did this for an unknown period of time that was not documented in the Bible .
He did this through his book named The Music of Hindostan .
He died after being shot in the head .
He died aged only 48 .
He died at 2.00 pm .
He died at home eleven days later as a result of the injury .
He died before 762 .
He died by being nailed to a cross in Rome .
He died by suicide in 1966 .
He died in 1530 .
He died in 1829 .
He died in 1921 .
He died in 1921 of scarlet fever .
He died in 1926 from peritonitis after his appendix was ruptured .
He died in 1941 in Berlin .
He died in 1973 .
He died in 1996 .
He died in 2010 after falling out of bed and hitting his head .
He died in Algiers in 1921 .
He died in Bern .
He died in Cambridge on 24 July 1974 .
He died in Hove near Brighton .
He died in London in 1993 .
He died in Nashville from liver failure .
He died in Paris from pneumonia in 1924 and was given a state funeral . .
He died in Salzburg in 1981 .
He died in Switzerland from Myocardial infarction at the age of 75 .
He died in a Beverly Hills Hospital after a sudden illness .
He died in the Battle of the Alamo .
He died in the asylum in 1814 at the age of 74 .
He died in the same year as Scipio Africanus .
He died of a cocaine overdose in 2004 .
He died of a heart attack in 1923 while he was the president .
He died of heart failure on 8 April 1973 .
He died of liver cancer in 1999 .
He died of lung cancer .
He died of pneumonia .
He died of tuberculosis in 1891 .
He died on 15 June 1381 at the meeting at Smithfield with the fourteen year old King Richard II .
He died on 19th April 1876 and was buried next to his daughter in Devon .
He died on 25 December 2010 in Miami at the age of 88 .
He died on 5th June 2004 .
He died soon afterward .
He died the next summer of a heart attack .
He died there in 1883 .
He died with only a few hundred dollars in the bank .
He dies after a his own car is flipped onto his body .
He directed much of his attention to ambitious construction projects and luxurious dwellings for himself .
He disappeared while living in Japan and there were rumors that he was living secretly in a Zen Buddhist monastery .
He disappeared while swimming at a beach in Victoria in December 1967 .
He discovered Pan when he was analyzing the photos taken by Voyager 2 .
He discovered quantum mechanics .
He discovered that the Dwarf Cassowary and Southern Cassowary make a very low sound .
He discovered the Darling River
He does become more battle hardened .
He does not do well in school and is often bullied by Dash .
He does not have a good home life .
He does not like being around many people .
He does not seem to have been punished .
He does not tell the reader why hope remained in the jar .
He does speak normally in the DiC animated cartoons and the anime series .
He drank and drank but it was still burning .
He drew his sword and threatened to kill Katherine himself .
He dropped out to join a Toronto acting company .
He drove in many NASCAR races .
He earned 32 academy awards
He earned a living by playing second cello in the theater orchestra of the Folies Marigny .
He earned his first points in the United States Grand Prix .
He earned money by playing the violin in theater orchestras and by teaching music .
He encouraged her to apply to The Blue Book Modeling Agency .
He enrolled in the Army in search of a disciplined environment .
He entered special education at an early age .
He entered the sea and brought back the Vedas .
He entered the water and carried the earth on its body and brought the earth safely to where it should be .
He escaped from jail in 1967 and became one of the leading members of the party .
He even goes to hell and heaven .
He eventually earned a Ph. D. .
He exits the wormhole at a distant part of the universe .
He expected to fight Hannibal in Spain .
He explained that it was the smallest number that could be expressed by the sum of two cubes in two different ways .
He explains that they are lucky because he lives only a few miles from a primary target and that they will die in a instant .
He explored the Arctic with his uncle Sir John Ross and Sir William Parry .
He failed to score a point in his few starts in the European races .
He farmed land for the owner .
He fell when climbing over a stile and broke his leg .
He felt that doing this would somehow lessen the problems in his own life .
He felt that he had met with God and that God had chosen him for a son .
He fights as a welterweight in the UFC and in independent MMA promotions in the United States .
He finds a flying machine that protects Halo .
He finds an important place in the Ramayana .
He finish in second place in the championship standings .
He finished 13 books to complete the Series of Unfortunate Events .
He finished eighth in the second race and took three championship points .
He finished fifth in the championship .
He finished his studies at the Lebanese University in 1966 .
He finished seventh with 36 points .
He finished sixth in the qualifying race .
He finished the season outside the top 10 .
He finished the year seventh in the Italian series with 196 points and scoring a single podium at Valencia .
He finishing seventh but promoted to sixth after Rubens Barrichello was disqualified .
He first became famous because of his defense of New England shipping interests .
He first demonstrated the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by accurately estimating the age of wood from an ancient Egyptian royal barge of which the age was known from historical documents .
He first joined the Senate in 1979 .
He first win came in his fourth race in the series at Monaco .
He first wrote about this view in an essay called Nature in 1836 .
He flys the starship The Sith Infiltrator .
He follows the tips and is seen as very smart to Professor Slughorn .
He formed the James Cotton Blues Band in 1967 .
He formulated 5 axioms .
He fought against apartheid .
He fought bravely in the trenches in World War I. He became a plumber and firefighter .
He fought for civil rights .
He fought his way north to the Pyrenees .
He fought in World War II .
He fought in the American Revolutionary War as a colonel in the Continental Army on the side of Washington .
He fought in the Second World War .
He found it very frightening that the science he had been working on could lead to such a terrible weapon .
He found some very old music for solo cello .
He founded the Larry King Cardiac Foundation in 1988 to help people who have no insurance which covers the costs for recovering treatment .
He founded the Umayyad dynasty .
He gained a moderate amount of fame for leading that committe .
He gained a reputation as a thinker and philosopher as well as a poet .
He gathered a huge army to invade and conquer Russia once and for all in 1812 .
He gave a young boy the cowpox virus to protect him from smallpox .
He gave all his Nobel Prize monies to this university .
He gave him a letter which allowed him to be introduced to the Queen .
He gave his baton to Colin Davis who took over his job .
He gave his first public performance when he was four .
He gave many concerts in Vienna and became very famous .
He gave more speeches than anyone but Gouverneur Morris .
He gave speeches and led rallies to encourage African Americans to protest without the need for violence .
He gave the Vedas to Manu .
He gave the Victoria Falls their name .
He gave tickets of leave to well behaved convicts .
He gave up farm work and started stealing cattle .
He gets rid of his handicaps and dances with a ballerina on national television .
He gives chase but falls down a manhole with Smoke .
He goes to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry to learn magic .
He goes to king Ravana .
He got Bachelors and Masters degres from the University of Kansas .
He got a Tony Award and two Oscar nominations .
He got a special prize in 1982 at the Darwin Awards .
He got disqualified in a rematch .
He got his B. A. degree in English studies there .
He got his B.A. degree from Dartmouth College in 1975 and his M.F.A degree in writing from Columbia University in 1983 .
He got hurt after falling out of bed in 1872 .
He got judged and this crime went through the regional media .
He got laughed and mocked at by his teammates because of his glove .
He got some of the most famous painters of his time to make set designs for his productions .
He got the idea when he saw the balloons hanging from the ceiling of a military surplus store .
He got together a group of men to begin pulling down the fortress by the next day .
He got together a group of players which he called the Steinitz Bach Players .
He got two Academy and five Golden Globe awards .
He graduated at the University of Ljubljana in 1966 and obtained his Master degree from the same institution in 1972 .
He graduated from Lowell High School and from Wesleyan University in 1992 .
He graduated from Princeton University with a degree in history and served in the Navy before becoming an actor .
He graduated from The Catholic University of America in 1989 with a BA .
He graduated from Wesleyan University in 2002 with a film degree .
He graduated from the Escola with honors two years later .
He graduated in 1856 as an outstanding student who enjoyed all subjects except chemistry .
He graduated in 1898 .
He graduated with a medical degree in 1933 .
He granted Aarau its city rights in 1283 .
He grew to be celebrated for his virtuosity and for the depth and intensity of his characterizations .
He grew up cared for by his mother and an uncle .
He grew up in the city of Sydney and the suburb of Bankstown .
He grew up learning both the Jewish law and the Greek ways of discussing things .
He had 61 official NHL records when he retired .
He had a GPS but did not know how to use it .
He had a big role in bringing an end to racial segregation in professional baseball .
He had a bit part in the feature film In the Army Now starring Pauly Shore and Andy Dick .
He had a brain tumor .
He had a close relationship with the Hart family and was trained in The Hart Dugeon by Stu Hart .
He had a concert in the U.S.A. two or three years ago .
He had a hard life earning enough money .
He had a kidney disease .
He had a lot of energy and was able to compose a lot while traveling .
He had a mother named Rebecca and a father named Issac .
He had a pellet gun to break some balloons and move back to the ground softly .
He had a son .
He had a successful start to 2008 at the Australian Grand Prix .
He had already been having English lessons and learned to speak the language quite well .
He had also been one of the few people receptive to the work of John Herapath on the kinetic theory of gases .
He had arrived with only half the forces he had started with and only a few elephants .
He had asked the gods and goddesses to come to this banquet .
He had become interested in writing poems .
He had been arrested many times for not giving up his Catholic faith .
He had been asked to come back and taker over from Bowell .
He had cannons and some rifles as well .
He had detailed the items exported by the Tamil people .
He had four sons and five daughters .
He had gotten rid of the only force that could stop him from getting to Rome .
He had grown long hair and a long beard .
He had grown used to having a structure while playing in college .
He had heard peasants on his farm playing badly made instruments .
He had hoped to gain experience by coaching in the Puerto Rican Winter League .
He had injected bacteria into tumors with mixed results .
He had just graduated from Duke University .
He had many hit songs in America .
He had married in 1891 and left a widow and two children .
He had met the American poet Paul Laurence Dunbar in London and set some of his poems to music .
He had more problems when after his second surgery to repair his triceps he got an infection .
He had never heard one and he decided that was what he wanted to play .
He had no real explanation of why later species were different from earlier ones .
He had not found a guru whose teachings interested him .
He had one of the largest collections of seashells in the world and collected bottles and model ships .
He had paid for the boat with a bad cheque .
He had placed himself between the Romans and their source of supply .
He had played for Milan and Italy national team .
He had shot himself in the head with a shotgun .
He had some new ideas about theater design .
He had some of the best pitching statistics in baseball .
He had spent his youth in Rome as a hostage .
He had ten heads .
He had the ability to simplify complex ideas .
He had the control over five policemen .
He had the job of coroner for the British Empire in the Gambia in the late 1890s .
He had the nickname Sexual Chocolate .
He had three podium finishes and one pole position .
He had three sisters and one brother .
He had to hold his breath for more than three minutes .
He had to lie about his age as he was still to young to join the army .
He had to quit playing football because of an injury .
He had to spend two days resting himself .
He had to spent a lot of time earning money by teaching to keep his family and so he did not have much time to compose except during the summer .
He had to work hard to prove his talent was still strong .
He had two major rebellions and was assassinated after a tumultuous rule of only five years .
He had very good taste in art and music and inspired some great composers to write music for his dancers .
He hardly ever left his castle .
He has 10 tackles on the season of 2009 .
He has 16 Sprint cup series wins at the start of the 2010 NASCAR season .
He has a cabinet of 15 members .
He has a large underground following .
He has a romance with Bella and tries to protect her from the vampires and Edward Cullen the head vampire that is in love with Bella .
He has a side project called Puscifer .
He has a sun disk floating above his head .
He has a terrible tummy ache but his wife puts a hot iron on his tummy and he feels better .
He has a very special individual style of guitar playing on his old Martin Guitar .
He has a wife named Skye and a son named Jack .
He has acquired Bulgarian citizenship and considers himself wholly Bulgarian .
He has also appeared in many other Hollywood films such as The Talented Mr. Ripley .
He has also been actively involved in politics .
He has also been part of thirty different bands in his life .
He has also been the bench coach for the Los Angeles Dodgers and Baltimore Orioles .
He has also competited in the GP2 Series for the DAMS team .
He has also edited a long series of themed anthologies with Jack Dann .
He has also guest starred in The Suite Life of Zack and Cody as Jamie .
He has also had numerous TV and film appearances .
He has also made some appearances on film and television .
He has also managed other teams .
He has also played for the England national football team .
He has also played for the England national team .
He has also won a Slammy Award in 2008 for Announce Team of the Year which he shared with Todd Grisham .
He has also won a record 19 ATP Masters Series titles and the 2008 Olympic gold medal in singles .
He has also written two books called Tributes and Tributes II .
He has an older brother called Tobias Schweinsteiger he plays for the SpVgg Unterhaching .
He has appeared in many movies and television shows since the 1970s .
He has become infamous after being convicted of possessing child pornography and of child sexual abuse .
He has been Prime Minister of The Netherlands since October 2010 .
He has been a 9 time tag team champion before .
He has been a minor celebrity in the U.S.A. for about 6 years .
He has been arrested in 1996 .
He has been called the most important comedian since Charlie Chaplin .
He has been compared to Keith Green by many people .
He has been in lots of movies .
He has been in many movies .
He has been in more than 200 video games .
He has been in other television shows and movies .
He has been in prison since then .
He has been in the NFL for 6 years .
He has been married four times .
He has been married to Sybil for fifteen years .
He has been married twice .
He has been performing and recording since 1964 and is still popular .
He has been placed on the same training program as the race drivers de la Rosa and Kobayashi .
He has been the President of South Africa since 2009 .
He has been the President since 2004 and his term in office shall end in 2009 .
He has been the Prime Minister of the Netherlands since 2002 .
He has been there since 1993 and is the first British director of any major German speaking Opera House .
He has been very active in politics in Iceland .
He has been working for an international industrial company for some years and only writes in his free time . .
He has blond hair that stands up on his head .
He has challenged Christian in the past for the ECW Championship and has also challenged for the Unified Tag Team Championship with Goldust but came up short in capturing the titles .
He has chosen her .
He has created a small Lumumbist group .
He has designed clothes for many leading artists .
He has done some long walks to raise money for charity .
He has done this by using very accurate perspective .
He has dual citizenship of Italy and the United States .
He has held both the WCW World Television Championship and the WWE United States Championship .
He has held cabinet positions in the governments of Margaret Thatcher and John Major .
He has held this post since February 1 1993 .
He has hosted many programs .
He has lived in Australia all of his life .
He has lost only once in his career .
He has moved to the Piquet Sports team for the 2008 season .
He has not yet learned to be trusting .
He has often referred to Montag as an allusion to himself .
He has often supported peace in the Caucasus during times of conflict between Georgia and South Ossetia .
He has one of the highest winning percentages in the history of college football .
He has opposed bans on sex toys in states such as Alabama or Mississippi .
He has plans to run for President of the United States in 2012 .
He has played for Albirex Niigata .
He has played for Algeria national team .
He has played for Argentina national team .
He has played for Argentina national team and Italy national team .
He has played for Australia national team .
He has played for Austria national team .
He has played for Barcelona and Spain national team .
He has played for Belgium national team .
He has played for Brazil national team .
He has played for Cameroon national team .
He has played for Chile national team .
He has played for China PR national team .
He has played for Costa Rica national team .
He has played for Croatia national team .
He has played for Czech Republic national team .
He has played for Czechoslovakia national team .
He has played for Czechoslovakia national team and Czech Republic national team .
He has played for Denmark national team .
He has played for Dundee United and Scotland national team .
He has played for East Germany national team and Germany national team .
He has played for El Salvador national team .
He has played for England national team .
He has played for England national team as well as many other league teams .
He has played for Estonia national team .
He has played for Feijenoord Rotterdam .
He has played for France national team .
He has played for Fujitsu .
He has played for Fulham and Republic of Ireland national team .
He has played for Furukawa Electric and Japan national team .
He has played for Gamba Osaka .
He has played for Germany national team .
He has played for Ghana national team .
He has played for Guadeloupe national team .
He has played for Guadeloupe national team and France national team .
He has played for Hong Kong national team .
He has played for Hungary national team .
He has played for Internazionale Milano and Cameroon national team .
He has played for Iran national team .
He has played for Israel national team .
He has played for Italy national team .
He has played for Japan national team .
He has played for Korea DPR national team .
He has played for Korea Republic national team .
He has played for Kuwait national team .
He has played for Maccabi Haifa for most of his career since 1998 .
He has played for Manchester United for 2 years .
He has played for Mexico national team .
He has played for Netherlands national team .
He has played for Nigeria national team .
He has played for Nissan Motors .
He has played for Omiya Ardija .
He has played for Paraguay national team .
He has played for Peru national team .
He has played for Philippines and Spain national team .
He has played for Poland national team .
He has played for Portugal national team .
He has played for Real Madrid and Spain national team .
He has played for Republic of Ireland national team .
He has played for Roasso Kumamoto .
He has played for Romania national team .
He has played for Saudi Arabia national team .
He has played for Scotland national team .
He has played for Serbia national team .
He has played for Slovakia national team .
He has played for Southampton and England national team .
He has played for Soviet Union national team .
He has played for Soviet Union national team and Russia national team .
He has played for Spain national team .
He has played for Sweden national team .
He has played for Switzerland national team .
He has played for Tokyo .
He has played for Tunisia national team .
He has played for Turkey national team .
He has played for United States national team .
He has played for Urawa Red Diamonds and Japan national team .
He has played for Uruguay national team .
He has played for West Germany national team .
He has played for Yamaha Motors .
He has played for Yamaha Motors and Japan national team .
He has played for Yokohama Marinos and Japan national team .
He has played for Yomiuri and Japan national team .
He has played for Yugoslavia national team and Croatia national team .
He has played for the Brazil national team .
He has played for the Detroit Tigers since 2005 .
He has played for the England national team .
He has played for the West Germany national team .
He has played for the team 1 .
He has played in the High School Musicals as Troy Bolton .
He has played with the New York Yankees for many seasons .
He has played with the band through its whole existence with a small break between 1982 and 1986 .
He has plays for Japan national team .
He has presented the main evening news on French Television since 1987 .
He has published a number of books for learning to play the double bass .
He has received three Pushcart Prizes for fiction and a Kenyon Review Prize .
He has recently been dropped from the England team after giving up his England captaincy .
He has released 4 albums in his career .
He has released the hit studio album David Archuleta .
He has said one of his heroes is boxer Mike Tyson .
He has said several times that he wants to improve U.S. relations with the Muslim world .
He has said that all his movies will be done using digital video from now on .
He has said that it was after this meeting that he wanted to become a diplomat .
He has scored over 100 goals for Manchester United .
He has served as MP since 1992 .
He has since become best known for his roles in the Coupling television series and the Pirates of the Caribbean series of films .
He has since been replaced by Marcus Evans
He has since made a full recovery .
He has since stopped doing drugs .
He has starred in and directed a number of motion pictures .
He has stated that his desire is to get Bohemians into the Champions League group stages in 2010 .
He has stopped painting for a moment and looks straight out at the viewer .
He has studied karate since the age of six .
He has sung with The Watersons since 1972 .
He has the highest number of runs in both Test cricket and One Day Internationals .
He has transcribed and edited ten volumes of 18th century English Organ Music .
He has translated the Bhagavad Gita into English in 1988 from the Sanskrit text .
He has tried to kill himself several times in prison .
He has won 9 Olympic gold medals and 8 World Championships .
He has won Youtube Awards and Webby Awards .
He has won many awards for being a good teacher and for having an influence in aerospace .
He has won many prestigious award and honorable mentions .
He has won nine Emmy Awards during his career .
He has won one NASCAR Sprint Cup Championship .
He has won several Hugo and Nebula awards .
He has won three European Cups and six Spanish leagues .
He has worked as a writer on the NBC comedy series 30 Rock .
He has worked for civil rights and humanitarian causes .
He has worked for over fifty years of uninterrupted television both in America and in Britain .
He has written about The Destructive Impact of Uranium Mining on Native American Culture .
He has written fewer novels .
He has written for The New Yorker since 1996 .
He has written for The Simpsons .
He has written several books and contributes science essays to publications such as The New York Times and Discover .
He headed the manufacturing process .
He heard about the death of Franklin D. Roosevelt on the radio and he hoped the city will be saved .
He heard the music of Richard Wagner and got to know the composers Chabrier and Satie .
He held meetings for these writers in New York so that they could learn about publishing books and stories in the United States .
He held radical political beliefs .
He held that job until 1957 when he became Chief Guest Conductor .
He held the position from July 1991 to 1994 .
He held the post of Chancellor of the National University of Ireland from 1997 to 2009 .
He held the world heavyweight championship from 1978 to 1985 .
He held this position from 1981 to 1987 .
He held this seat until he left politics in 1996 .
He helped create the Alannah and Madeline Foundation to help children who are the victims of violent crime
He helped eliminate billions of dollars of spending in the defense department that he believed was a waste .
He helped find the quadratic sieve which is a way to factor big numbers very fast .
He helped many unmanned spacecraft to explore outer space .
He helped seamen in a storm and saved a child that was abducted .
He helped start the Planetary Society and was a member of the SETI Institute Board of Trustees .
He helped the British people to keep their spirits up during the war by touring and giving many concerts and not asking for much money .
He helped the Burma Campaign to free Burmese democracy movement leader Aung San Suu Kyi .
He helped them to the finals in 1993 .
He helped with getting an electricity supply to the village .
He helps out Ashelin in Freedom League business .
He helps to rebuild the camp with the materials that are now available with the tree having fallen .
He highlighted strong subconscious motivations behind such prohibitions .
He hit .256 and stole only 12 bases .
He hit .387 with five home runs and had 13 stolen bases .
He hit and seriously injured a marshal .
He holds a degree in law from the University of Copenhagen .
He holds dual citizenship because his mother is a native of Michigan and his father is a native to Newfoundland .
He holds more than thirty Devils team records .
He holds the Major League Baseball career home run record with 762 home runs .
He hoped that the devastation would draw Fabius into battle .
He hoped this show of strength would create a revolt against the Roman government .
He hopes that a rich man may fall in love with her and pay for her to have medical treatment .
He improved the choir there and persuaded the authorities to renovate the organ .
He insisted on such action after Americans became involved in Lebanon in 1958 .
He instead improved the buildings of Babylon .
He intetionally disqualified himself at Judgement Day to retain the WWE Title .
He introduced golden coins and developed commerce within the empire and trade without .
He introducing the portraits of Matteo and his wife on their knees .
He invented and sold jeans made from denim .
He is 112 years old .
He is 2nd place on the list of basketball players who have scored the most points all time .
He is 31 years old .
He is African American and is one of a small number of black hockey players in the league .
He is Jewish and has Ukrainian and Russian descent .
He is Professor of Clinical Microbiology at the University of Western Australia .
He is a 27 time national player for Germany .
He is a British Happy Hardcore DJ and musician .
He is a Christian and a vegan .
He is a European Roe Deer .
He is a Gungan and was born on the planet Naboo .
He is a Japanese American .
He is a Republican .
He is a Roman Catholic born to Italian American parents and served in the U.S. Army reserves years before joining the Supreme Court .
He is a UEFA class 2 referee as of January 2009 .
He is a character in many books by the crime drama writer Thomas Harris .
He is a crucial link between classical literature and modern archaeology .
He is a defender in both of his teams and is captain of Finland and used to be the captain of Liverpool .
He is a democrat .
He is a double Madison World Champion and Commonwealth Games gold medallist on the track .
He is a famous solo performer of traditional songs .
He is a fan of the football club Manchester United .
He is a goalkeeper and he currently plays for Torino F.C. in Serie A.
He is a good pranker .
He is a life peer for the Conservative Party .
He is a member of NXT season 1 and is a member of the professional wrestling stable The Nexus .
He is a member of the Christian CDA party .
He is a member of the Conservative Party .
He is a member of the Labor Party .
He is a member of the National Academy of Sciences .
He is a member of the Vile Clan and is a persona of the Death Arcana .
He is a member of the band Varsity Fanclub signed to Capitol Records .
He is a member of the thrash metal band Metallica .
He is a messenger from God .
He is a native of San Francisco and went to the San Francisco Boys Chorus .
He is a plumber who lives in the land of Mushroom Kingdom .
He is a psychiatrist .
He is a second baseman for the Orange County Flyers of Golden Baseball League .
He is a very popular man in England .
He is a very successful pop singers .
He is about to do battle with Lent .
He is accompanied with Daxter .
He is allowed to join the team because his father is American .
He is also Chancellor of University of Huddersfield .
He is also a character you can play as in the Super Smash Bros. series .
He is also a noted piano teacher for children .
He is also a radio host .
He is also a stage director and a painter .
He is also associated with bringing gifts to small children on Christmas by sliding down fireplace chimneys and reindeer pulling his sled .
He is also famous for his early short films .
He is also giver of different types of favors .
He is also in the film Airplane ! .
He is also interested in the space and conspiracy theories about Extraterrestrial life or aliens .
He is also known as an activist for the rights of LGBT people .
He is also known as his alter ego Steve Rogers .
He is also known by other names like Hanumat .
He is also married to his wife Natsumi Ogawa and they have two children .
He is also related to the late S. Karivardhan .
He is also remembered because he murdered his wife .
He is also remembered for committing a horrible murder .
He is also responsible for the spread of africanized bees across the world .
He is also said to have introduced the first football helmet .
He is also the leader of the Ubuntu project .
He is also the main character of Final Fantasy XII .
He is also the present United States Chess Champion .
He is also the test driver for both the Red Bull Racing and the Scuderia Toro Rosso Formula One teams .
He is also the uncle of Frank Lampard who played under him at West Ham United .
He is an evil Time Lord and is one of the biggest enemies of the Doctor .
He is an orphan .
He is appreciated very much by the Italian people because of his equality and rightness .
He is associated with changing poverty into wealth .
He is being tortured by the covenant because he failed to stop Master Chief destroying the first Halo in the original game .
He is believed to have been buried in Tel Tzora in Israel above the Sorek valley .
He is best known as the Second Doctor on Doctor Who from 1966 to 1969 .
He is best known as the founder of Lookout !
He is best known as the lead singer of rock band Foo Fighters and the drummer of the grunge band Nirvana .
He is best known for being a member of Free and Bad Company .
He is best known for discovering the relationship between electricity and magnetism known as electromagnetism .
He is best known for having invented the Armenian alphabet .
He is best known for his artwork for the books and articles of Hunter S. Thompson .
He is best known for his role of Simon Camden on the television series 7th Heaven .
He is best known for his role on the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel .
He is best known for his work in Stratovarius and Sinergy .
He is best known for playing with Espanyol Barcelona .
He is best known for voicing Frylock on the Adult Swim program Aqua Teen Hunger Force .
He is best remembered for his missed opportunity to discover the planet Neptune in 1846 .
He is best remembered for his organ music .
He is best remembered now for his piano music .
He is buried in Hollywood Cemetery in Richmond .
He is buried in the Yass Cemetery .
He is called the most successful American racecar driver .
He is captain of both his club and national team .
He is chairman of Twitter .
He is chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee .
He is clumsy but is good at making machines .
He is considered as one of the fastest skating players of the sport .
He is considered one of the great figures of American photography .
He is considered one of the greatest artists of the 20th century .
He is considered one of the greatest players of all time .
He is considered to be one of the best American writers today .
He is considered to be one of the great Rationalist philosophers of the 17th century .
He is credited with being the father of photojournalism .
He is credited with starting the Protestant Reformation .
He is currently a Alternate captain .
He is currently a driver for the Williams Formula One team .
He is currently a free agent .
He is currently an Adjunct Professor in the Department of Earth and Environmental Sciences at Columbia University .
He is currently an assistant coach for the Orlando Magic .
He is currently coach to the England national football team .
He is currently driving for Sauber .
He is currently in charge of English club Tottenham Hotspur .
He is currently manager of Scottish League club Greenock Morton .
He is currently the Head of the Open Left project at the left leaning think tank Demos
He is currently the manager of Manchester City .
He is currently under contract to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling .
He is currently working on a new version of Perl .
He is currently wrestling in the independent circuit .
He is described in the Book of Judges chapters 13 to 16 .
He is described in the Old Testament books of 1 Samuel and 2 Samuel .
He is especially remembered for his conducting of the operas of Richard Wagner .
He is even less known for his lifelong devotion to spiritual master Meher Baba .
He is famous as a composer of songs called frottole .
He is famous as one of the first painters of the Italian Renaissance to use perspective in his pictures .
He is famous as the Tenth Doctor on Doctor Who from 2005 to 2010 and as Casanova in the television program of the same name .
He is famous for acting in Phil of the Future .
He is famous for designing the first type of airplane wing tips for better glider performance .
He is famous for having won five gold medals at Olympic Games .
He is famous for his role as George Costanza on the television series Seinfeld .
He is famous for his roles in successful movies like Apocalypse Now and The Matrix .
He is famous for the music he wrote for many movies and television shows .
He is found in 1 Samuel .
He is from the Labor Party .
He is generally a leg spin bowler and is famous for his googlies .
He is generally thought of as the greatest cellist of his time .
He is generally thought to be handsome .
He is important as a singer of Australian traditional folk songs .
He is in many books by Edgar Rice Burroughs .
He is its highest spiritual teacher of the Gelugpa school .
He is known as a sex symbol for his sexualized stage shows and music videos and for having a very large fan base .
He is known as the father of modern theme parks .
He is known for being a qualification expert .
He is known for his ability to dribble the ball and keep it away from defenders .
He is known for his dribblings and his tackling .
He is known for his roles as the egomaniacal Dwight Schrute on the American television comedy The Office .
He is later seen relaxing with his friends in Ba Sing Se .
He is less known for his deep interest in the spiritual and his boundless enthusiasm for art as a direct and honest route to God .
He is listed by FIDE as having an Elo rating of 2729 .
He is listed in the Assyrian king list as the son of Ikunum and the founder of a dynasty .
He is living in New York .
He is married and has three children .
He is married to Canadian singer Chantal Kreviazuk .
He is married to Melissa McKnight .
He is married to Republican political consultant Mary Matalin .
He is married to actress Jennifer Hudson .
He is married to diva superstar Beyonce Knowles .
He is member of the League of Polish Families .
He is mentally ill and has an IQ of 75 .
He is mentioned in the Palermo Stone inscriptions among a small number of kings of Lower Egypt .
He is more often called Davy Crockett .
He is most active in weekly columns .
He is most famous for being a member of the band Blink 182 .
He is most famous for his 1947 novel Under the Volcano about an alcoholic Consul in Mexico .
He is most famous for his role in the 1989 Spike Lee film Do the Right Thing .
He is most famous for his role in the High School Musical series .
He is most famous for what he did in the Second Punic War .
He is most known for his roles as Han Solo from Star Wars and as Indiana Jones .
He is most notable for his roles in the first two Home Alone movies .
He is never to be released .
He is not signed with any team and is currently not playing baseball .
He is not the founder of Jain religion .
He is notable for donating his collection to the British nation .
He is now an Anglican Church minister in country Australia .
He is now conductor for life at the Berlin State Opera .
He is now in prison for the most murders in Australian recorded history .
He is now manager of the Ajax .
He is now on television on the BBC on Match of the Day .
He is now part of the broadcast team for Fox Sports .
He is now the manager of Everton .
He is now the manager of Premier League club Chelsea .
He is number six in a family of seven children .
He is of Italian descent .
He is often known as Garry .
He is often successful and this makes Calvin angry and jealous .
He is often talked about in the Bible .
He is often thought to be the first video artist .
He is often very excited and is curious about everything .
He is older in appearance than all the other smurfs .
He is one of the authors of Armenian Soviet encyclopedia .
He is one of the few people who were put to death partly based on the testimony of a witness who had been at the crime scene .
He is one of the first Turkish academics to acknowledge and discuss openly the Armenian Genocide by the Ottoman Turkish government in 1915 .
He is one of the founder of the city of Sabaneta .
He is one of the most famous Korean entertainers in Asia as well as over the world .
He is one of the most famous naturalists .
He is one of the most important French composers of the 20th century .
He is one of the most notable fans of the Los Angeles Lakers .
He is one of the most original composers in his country today .
He is one of the most successful actors in the world .
He is orange and brown colored .
He is part of the resistance .
He is perhaps best known for his creation of many Simpsons characters .
He is playable in this game .
He is played by Adam Woodyatt .
He is played by Ian McDiarmid .
He is played by Mel Gibson .
He is played by actor John Barrowman .
He is probably best known for playing the part of Jesus Christ in the 2004 movie The Passion of the Christ .
He is probably most famous for exploring Kentucky when it was not part of the U.S. .
He is regarded as one of the best Austrian footballers in history .
He is remembered as one of the fathers of Baroque architecture .
He is responsible for ending the Rwandan Genocide .
He is said to be the first catholic person to live in the district .
He is seen as one of the most important people in English folk music .
He is seen as one of the originators of the operetta form .
He is seen in Episode V for the first time .
He is shown as an anthromorphic goat .
He is shown to have Firebolt in a delicate place on himself .
He is smart and carries around gadgets .
He is so evil that people are even afraid to say his name .
He is sometimes called Jim Caviezel .
He is sometimes called the devil or Beelzebub .
He is sorted into Gryffindor House by the Sorting Hat and becomes friends with classmates Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger .
He is still in the band today .
He is still looking at H. pylori and runs the H. pylori Research Laboratory at UWA .
He is still producing music .
He is supposed to have written one of his masses in one night .
He is the Member of Parliament and Member of the Northern Ireland Assembly for the constituency of Mid Ulster .
He is the Member of Parliament for South Shields in Tyne and Wear .
He is the Member of Parliament for the Havant constituency in the United Kingdom .
He is the Member of the Scottish Parliament for East Lothian .
He is the Roman form of the Greek god Cronus .
He is the Saint behind Santa Claus .
He is the angel who tells Mary that she will have a baby boy .
He is the brother of Emily Osment .
He is the brother of Lisa and Maggie .
He is the brother of actor Dennis Quaid .
He is the brother of singer Natasha .
He is the cousin of fellow racing drivers Dario Franchitti and Marino Franchitti .
He is the cover athlete for the video game NHL 10 .
He is the current DTM champion .
He is the current President of the Republic of Lithuania .
He is the current chairman of the Pakistan Hockey Federation .
He is the elder son of Marxist Ralph Miliband and the elder brother of Labor leader Ed Miliband .
He is the father of Jamie Redknapp who played under him at Bournemouth and Southampton .
He is the father of current Florida Panthers prospect Tyler Plante and current Edmonton Oilers prospect Alex Plante .
He is the fifth player to have a rating over 2800 .
He is the first Formula One driver from India .
He is the first Korean to play basketball in the NBA .
He is the first South Korean swimmer to win a world title .
He is the first black governor of New York and the first legally blind governor of any state .
He is the first known individual of Armenian ancestry to have come to North America .
He is the founder of modern geology .
He is the fourth president and CEO of Nintendo .
He is the goalkeeper of FC Schalke 04 .
He is the god of the Greek underworld .
He is the latest actor to play James Bond .
He is the lead singer of the alternative rock band Snow Patrol .
He is the lead singer of the band Muse .
He is the leader of all the other smurfs .
He is the leader of the liberal party VVD .
He is the main villain of the Star Wars movies .
He is the most famous composer from Denmark and one of the most important composers of symphonies from the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
He is the oldest of nine children .
He is the one who paired them together .
He is the only Prime Minister to have held all four of the Great Offices of State .
He is the only man to hold the WWF Junior Heavyweight Championship and the NWA World Junior Heavyweight Championship at the same time .
He is the only swimmer who has won six gold medals in one World Championship .
He is the richest person in the world .
He is the son of George Bellamy and Marilyn Bellamy and he has got an older brother named Paul .
He is the son of Shiva and Parvati .
He is the son of the wrestler Terry Gordy of the Fabulous Freebirds .
He is the third wealthiest person in the world .
He is the top scorer for the Mexican National Team .
He is the uncle of former welterweight boxing champion Billy Backus .
He is the villain of the story .
He is the villain version of Luigi in the same way that Wario is the evil version of Mario .
He is then adopted by Homer and Bart .
He is thought to be one of the best Northern European painters of the 15th century .
He is thought to be one of the greatest Polish composers of the first half of the 20th century .
He is thought to have killed up to 250 of his patients .
He is to release his very own debut album called Soul Punk in June of 2011 .
He is trying to wake up a dog by his feet .
He is usually represented by holding a large knife and his skin .
He is venerated in both Eastern Orthodox and Catholic Churches .
He is very troubled .
He is very wise and corrects the other smurfs in their errors .
He is well recognized for his strong offensive abilities .
He is widely believed to be one of the best players of all time and one of the best clutch performers in the history of sports .
He isolated malaria parasites from the salivary glands of mosquitoes that had fed on infected birds .
He joined Renault as a test driver for the 2011 season .
He joined the Hayes Gordon Ensemble Theatre working as an actor and stage manager .
He joined the Nazi Party at the age of 18 .
He joined the Rangers in 2008 after 11 seasons with the Ottawa Senators .
He joined the United States Military in 1917 .
He just passed through the Sydney Heads when a police steam launch caught up with him and made him go back .
He kept Siddhartha in the palace for his whole childhood .
He kept an army in Italy for many years .
He kept the kabuki plays of his good kabuki in a box .
He kept this job until his death in 1704 .
He killed Flaminius as well .
He killed the lion with his bare hands .
He know a lot about tools and fixing pipes in the film .
He laid out plans for a relatively straight line climbing steadily from Tywyn to the quarry and work quickly got underway .
He landed head first .
He landed in San Francisco where he spent some time deciding what to do next .
He last drove in the Nascar Sprint cup series in 2007 .
He later added the cross to the painting .
He later became Minister of Trade and Commerce .
He later became the prior .
He later entered politics and became a Secretary of State in 1616 .
He later escaped the death penalty by moving to Italy .
He later explained it was a family tradition .
He later had a retrial and his sentence was overturned .
He later had to leave the show before it was first aired for health reasons .
He later led his own journey to Antarctica .
He later lost the title to Mark Henry at Night of Champions .
He later played 5 games in the National Hockey League for the Montreal Canadiens .
He later produced horror movies in Germany .
He later recalled that during this time she frequently complained of insomnia .
He later served as the Governor of Massachusetts .
He later studied at the Colorado State Teachers College .
He later studied law with Thomas Jefferson .
He later took up dancing which went on to become one of his main passions .
He later went on to attend Harvard University where he was an editor for the Harvard Lampoon .
He later went on to become CEO of home medical equipment company Apria .
He later worked as the gate security guard at the home of Bob Hope .
He lead the league in scoring twice with the Bucks .
He lead the team into Nome .
He learned a lot about music from singing in church and playing the organ .
He learned to play guitar and wanted to become a musician .
He learned to play the piano when he was very young .
He learned to play the violin and was sent to Vienna to study music .
He leaves to kill Duncan .
He led New York to a Stanley Cup victory in 1940 .
He led a restoration project partly funded by the National Geographic Society .
He led it through the Great Depression period .
He led many African Americans on marches to protest the way they were treated .
He led the league in fielding among second basemen in 1950 and 1951 .
He led the party to the 2010 Australian Federal Election .
He led them to a win in Super Bowl XXX during the 1995 season .
He left De La Salle College at Bankstown at 14 years of age and worked as a clerk with the Sydney County Council doing this while juggling with studies and managed a rock band called the Ramrods .
He left Ireland and went to London .
He left Red Hot Chili Peppers to play in his other band What Is This with close friend Hillel Slovak .
He left Shelbourne at the end of 2006 .
He left his home in the middle of the night .
He left it in 2005 .
He left office on January 20 1953 .
He left school at the age of 16 and his father helped him to make him stronger .
He left the NHL after the 1960 season .
He left the Senate to become the governor of New York in 1829 .
He left the Yankees after the 1934 season and played one last season with the Boston Braves in 1935 .
He left the military in 1919 .
He left the show in 1975 and was replaced by Mike Farrell as BJ Hunnicutt .
He left to start the Oxford unit for Cancer epidemiology in 1968 .
He liked his court to be in Seville .
He liked the music of Grieg and decided that he wanted to do something similar with Spanish music .
He liked the sounds of the jungle .
He liked these radiating pedal boards and persuaded the great organ builder Henry Willis to put pedal boards like that in the organs he built .
He liked to make his own handwritten newspapers and books .
He liked to write about fairy tales and stories from far away lands .
He liked to write fugues and sets of Variations .
He likes listening to rappers Eminem and 50 Cent .
He likes to remain anonymous and not let people know his true identity .
He listened to music by Haydn and Mozart and became very interested in general knowledge .
He lived and worked in California until his death in 2007 in Palo Alto .
He lived at a time when most English composers were writing sentimental music which was not very important .
He lived at a time when the standard of music in England had become very bad .
He lived at the same time as Sylvius .
He lived at the small town of Mount Egerton .
He lived from about 563 BCE to about 483 BCE .
He lived in 9th century India and was known for his great attainments .
He lived in Hamilton and recorded at Grant Avenue Studios .
He lived in Kalgoorlie and Carnarvon until moving to Perth at the age of seven .
He lived in Victoria and was different from other bushrangers .
He lived in the Renaissance period .
He lived in the U.S. state of California but also spent a lot of time in Hawaii and Alaska .
He lived in the cell that had once belonged to Cosimo Medici .
He lived in the country west of Peking where he worked as a teacher and sold his paintings .
He lived in the late 4th century B.C. Greek historians later wrote more about them .
He lived in the late part of the Renaissance period .
He lived in the period known as the Baroque period .
He lived nearly twelve years in London where he was a fashionable teacher and famous composer .
He lived the longest part of his life in a village in India called Shirdi .
He lived there in exile until his death .
He lived to see basketball becaome an Olympic demonstration sport in 1904 and an official event at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin .
He lived until 1957 and died in England .
He lived with former NHL player Pat Verbeek when he moved to Michigan at the age of fourteen while he played for the Honeybaked AAA hockey club .
He lives in Bad Bederkesa in the district of Cuxhaven .
He lives in Herne in the Ruhr Area with his wife and his dog .
He lives in Philadelphia .
He looked a lot like Horus .
He looks for Musetta .
He lost .
He lost and the Romans made him leave Carthage .
He lost his championship to Michael Spinks in 1985 .
He lost the election to Fisher Ames .
He lost to Edge on RAW .
He lost to John Cena in a I Quit Match at the Breaking Point pay per view .
He lost to Shawn Michaels in a singles match but won a Tag team along with Ric Flair to become the World Tag Team Champions .
He loved animals and the nature around him .
He loved the music of Claude Debussy whom he met only once .
He loved the poetry of the American poets Paul Laurence Dunbar and Carl Sandburg .
He made 200 gentlemen of good birth baronets .
He made Kerouac promise to always work to support his mother .
He made Mathew B. Ridgeway general .
He made Robinson keep the agreement a secret for the time being .
He made a famous comedic couple at many movies with actor Walter Matthau .
He made a few movie and television appearances late in his life .
He made a number of videos for the CKY .
He made cassette tapes of songs he performed on a chord organ and gave many of them out for free to people he met .
He made changes to La vida breve and it was performed in Paris in 1913 .
He made drawings and painted using many styles from different parts of the world .
He made his A1 GP debut in New Zealand and he finished 10th in the sprint race and 7th in the Feature Race .
He made his Formula One debut in with the Jordan team .
He made his first appearance at Bayreuth in 1981 and he often conducted there until 1999 .
He made his first match for Austria in an August 1995 European Championship qualifying match against Latvia .
He made his in ring return by losing to CM Punk by Disqualification when Ted Dibiase interfered .
He made his major league debut in September of 1997 .
He made his return on October 20 interfering in a match between Goldberg and Shawn Michaels .
He made it known between 1871 and 1874 .
He made it when he was about 80 years old .
He made many discoveries in the genetics and sex determination of bees .
He made many economic and legal changes .
He made many movies and television series .
He made many recordings and wrote a book about organ design .
He made many recordings as a pianist .
He made other changes as well .
He made the Last Night of the Proms into a very popular and joyful concert which today is enjoyed by millions of people worldwide on television .
He made the cello popular as a solo instrument and inspired many cellists of the younger generation .
He made the players perform from memory .
He made them cook and serve him dinner .
He mainly reports about televised media .
He maintained his innocence until he was executed for the crime .
He makes money by doing things for his friend Migelo .
He managed to control the last Han Emperor Xian and conquered the whole northern China .
He managed to get home but died three days later .
He manages Bolton Wanderers F.C. .
He manages Crewe Alexandra .
He manages for Tokushima Vortis .
He marched an army from Iberia over the Pyrenees mountains and the Alps mountains into northern Italy and defeated the Romans in a series of battles .
He married Elizabeth Kotright in 1789 .
He married Lady Surat Sundaravej and they had twins called Kandapha and Kanjanakorn .
He married Margaret of Wessex in the late 1060s .
He married Naomi Crampton in 1968 .
He married another woman named Elizabeth Patton in 1815 .
He married her in 1964 and the couple adopted a boy they named Marvin Pentz Gaye III in 1965 .
He married her on 22 February 2009 and she died of cervical cancer a month later .
He married the sister of the dean of the cathedral .
He may also have been deaf and mute .
He may also have murdered the other man .
He may be compared with Noah .
He meditated under the tree for 49 days .
He meets the Devil .
He met Allen Ginsberg at college .
He met Crick at the Cavendish and they became friends .
He met Millar in an intervention put together by the journalist Paul Nelson .
He missed Worldcon for the first time in many years because of the accident .
He missed the final four rounds of the season after breaking a collarbone during training .
He mixes it with a whisk .
He moved back to Britain in 1997 .
He moved his army to Italy by sea in time to meet Hannibal .
He moved to Bulgaria when he started skating with Denkova .
He moved to New York in 1938 and became a part of the Manhattan Project .
He moved to the GP2 Series for 2005 and 2006 .
He murdered them both in their bed .
He named his farm Coombing Park .
He named it after Ballan in Ireland .
He named it after Charles Robert Malden who was the first to land on the island .
He named the company Sanrio to join the three rivers of the world .
He nearly escaped from Port Arthur by swimming .
He needed a third surgery to clean out the infection .
He needed hospital treatment for his injuries .
He needs to park carefully .
He never danced again .
He never drank wine .
He never got better .
He never married or had children .
He never saw fighting action in the war .
He never showed a great deal of interest in writing for the orchestra .
He never talked to anybody about his terrible experiences in the trenches .
He no longer looks argumentative .
He now wants to get revenge on Lector .
He now works as a professor at the Faculty for Social Sciences of the University of Ljubljana .
He offers her to be a member of Fairy Tail .
He often conducted the London Philharmonic Orchestra which had been formed in 1932 by Thomas Beecham .
He often conducted the music of Johannes Brahms .
He often draws in high visibility public places such as on buildings or train stations .
He often made his servants hit him .
He often played with the pianist Harold Bauer .
He often plays pompous or clumsy characters .
He often produced controversial works which challenged taboos on what was appropriate subject matter .
He often thought that his orchestras were musical enough to play well without rehearsal .
He often times is the one who comes up with a way to stop Gargamel .
He often traveled .
He often uses the style of dance music and creates a happy atmosphere by repeating certain patterns .
He often visited Vienna to conduct there .
He often writes about how humanity is evil and sinful .
He only became a minister after de Valera retired as Taoiseach in 1959 .
He only became aware of it when he discovered a shipmate of his admiring a photo of a sexy model in a magazine .
He only wanted to read .
He opened a school which trained boys to sing in the church choir and gave them a good musical education .
He ordered large camps of troops at each point and instructed them to wait for the signal .
He ordered military training and drilling to be more rigorous and even made use of false reports of attack to keep the army alert .
He ordered the unrestricted submarine warfare which was done by Germany in the North Atlantic .
He ordered troops to fight against Utah based on untrue information that Utah was planning a revolt .
He ordered whatever he saw into simple forms and color planes .
He orders that the Thane of Cawdor be executed and his title given to Macbeth .
He originally was a DJ at nightclubs during the 1980s and 1990s .
He outlives them .
He oversaw the growth of the business .
He painted in the abstract expressionist style .
He painted portraits of several royal people at the Spanish court .
He paints his eyebrow from red to black and he rubs lip with red lip stick and traces the outline clearly .
He partly dedicated his novel Friday to her .
He passed his second state examination in law in Hamburg in 1954 .
He performed all the time for white audiences in the 1900s .
He performed and composed new music .
He performed less and left a lot of the playing to his pupils so that he could go fishing and sailing .
He performed on the Pop Chronicles music documentary .
He performed weddings for couples who were not allowed to get married .
He persuaded his employers to spend money on improving the organ .
He petitioned there for a degree and was awarded an honorary Master of Arts several months later .
He placed her in the sky .
He planned to attach a few large balloons filled with helium to his lawnchair and then float above his backyard .
He planned to stay about 30 feet up in the air for several hours .
He planted many trees and built a beautiful garden .
He played Butch Cassidy in the movie .
He played as a representative of UNICEF and performed in Africa for charity .
He played at parties and on street corners in Mississippi for money and tips .
He played college basketball at Michigan State University where he developed a rivalry and friendship with Boston Celtics star Larry Bird when he faced him in the 1979 NCAA finals and three NBA championship games .
He played college basketball at Seton Hall University .
He played college basketball at UCLA .
He played college basketball at the University of Kansas .
He played college basketball at the University of Nevada for three years before entering the 2007 NBA Draft .
He played college football at Auburn .
He played college football at Boston College .
He played college football at California .
He played college football at Marshall University .
He played college football at Michigan State University .
He played college football for the University of Southern California Trojans .
He played college hockey at the University of Michigan with the Michigan Wolverines ice hockey team .
He played different sorts of characters and who was in a lot of movies .
He played five times for the Austrian national team U 19 and U 20 and two times for U 21 .
He played football there from 1956 to 1960 .
He played for England for 12 years .
He played for Leicester City and Tottenham Hotspur .
He played for Queen Victoria and spent some time studying original manuscripts of Handel in the library of Buckingham Palace .
He played for the Chicago White Sox from 1997 to 2004 .
He played for the England national team .
He played for the Italian national football team .
He played for the New York Rangers and the Chicago Black Hawks .
He played for the Oklahoma Sooners college football team .
He played for the Quebec Bulldogs from 1914 until 1917 .
He played for the Toronto Maple Leafs of the NHL .
He played his entire NHL career with the Chicago Black Hawks .
He played his first English Premier League game in 2006 for Aston Villa .
He played his first game for Watford on loan from Aston Villa .
He played in a student concert together with Mstislav Rostropovich in 1938 .
He played in the NHL for the St. Louis Blues .
He played in the OHL with the Brampton Battalion .
He played in the OHL with the Windsor Spitfires .
He played in the WHL for the Kamloops Blazers where he played three seasons .
He played in the WHL with the Kelowna Rockets .
He played in the in the National Hockey League for the New York Rangers and Minnesota North Stars .
He played it at the Last Night of the Proms in 2010 .
He played it at the end of all his concerts .
He played junior hockey for the London Knights of the OHL .
He played nine seasons as a left winger in the National Hockey League .
He played over 100 test matches for England .
He played several more seasons in the AHL before retiring after the 1969 season .
He played the bass guitar and sang .
He played the horn and trombone .
He played the part of the jazz composer W.C. Handy .
He played the trombone .
He played till 1996 for this team and won the Austrian Cup in 1996 .
He played very well and was drafted by the NHL .
He plays Bill Miller on Still Standing .
He plays as a center .
He plays as a flanker .
He plays as a hooker .
He plays as a lock .
He plays as a prop.
He plays as a striker .
He plays as a winger .
He plays as on the wing .
He plays for A.C. Milan and Czech Republic national team .
He plays for Aarhus and Denmark national team .
He plays for Ajax and Netherlands national team .
He plays for Akita Cambiare .
He plays for Albirex Niigata .
He plays for Albirex Niigata Singapore .
He plays for Amiens
He plays for Anderlecht and Czech Republic national team .
He plays for Arsenal .
He plays for Arsenal Kyiv and Uzbekistan national team .
He plays for Arsenal and France national team .
He plays for Aston Villa .
He plays for Aston Villa and England national team .
He plays for Atalanta .
He plays for Atlante .
He plays for Avispa Fukuoka .
He plays for Banditonce Kakogawa .
He plays for Barcelona .
He plays for Barcelona and Brazil national team .
He plays for Barcelona and Mexico national team .
He plays for Barcelona and Spain national team .
He plays for Basel and Switzerland national team .
He plays for Bayer Leverkusen and the Finland national team .
He plays for Bayern Munich and Argentina national team .
He plays for Bayern Munich and Belgium national team .
He plays for Bayern Munich and Netherlands national team .
He plays for Bayern Munich and Turkey national team .
He plays for Bellinzona .
He plays for Benfica .
He plays for Benfica and Angola national team .
He plays for Benfica and Argentina national team .
He plays for Birmingham City and Scotland national team .
He plays for Blackburn Rovers .
He plays for Blaublitz Akita .
He plays for Boca Juniors .
He plays for Boca Juniors and Argentina national team .
He plays for Bochum .
He plays for Bochum and Iran national team .
He plays for Bologna .
He plays for Bolton Wanderers .
He plays for Borussia Dortmund .
He plays for CSKA Moscow and Chile national team .
He plays for Cannes and Czech Republic national team .
He plays for Carlisle United .
He plays for Cartagena .
He plays for Catania .
He plays for Catania and Japan national team .
He plays for Celtic .
He plays for Central Coast Mariners .
He plays for Cerezo Osaka .
He plays for Changsha Ginde .
He plays for Chelsea and Portugal national team .
He plays for ChievoVerona and Colombia national team .
He plays for Churchill Brothers .
He plays for Colorado Rapids and United States national team .
He plays for Consadole Sapporo .
He plays for Corinthians Paulista .
He plays for Cruzeiro .
He plays for Crystal Palace .
He plays for Crystal Palace Baltimore .
He plays for Derby County and Scotland national team .
He plays for Ehime .
He plays for Eintracht Frankfurt and Turkey national team .
He plays for Everton and Nigeria national team .
He plays for F. C. Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga as defender .
He plays for FC Bayern Munich and Germany national team .
He plays for Fagiano Okayama .
He plays for Fiorentina .
He plays for Fiorentina and Italy national team .
He plays for Fluminense .
He plays for Fukushima United .
He plays for Fulham and Australia national team .
He plays for Fulham and Northern Ireland national team .
He plays for Gainare Tottori .
He plays for Gamba Osaka .
He plays for Gamba Osaka and Japan national team .
He plays for Gangwon .
He plays for Genoa and Honduras national team .
He plays for Genoa and Italy national team .
He plays for Getafe .
He plays for Geylang United .
He plays for Gifu .
He plays for Giravanz Kitakyushu .
He plays for Girondins Bordeaux and Czech Republic national team .
He plays for Gold Coast United and Australia national team .
He plays for Grenoble and Japan national team .
He plays for Hamburg and Czech Republic national team .
He plays for Hannover .
He plays for Hannover and Tunisia national team .
He plays for Honda Lock .
He plays for Internacional .
He plays for Internazionale Milano .
He plays for Internazionale Milano and Argentina national team .
He plays for Internazionale Milano and Brazil national team .
He plays for Iraklis Thessaloniki .
He plays for Italy national team .
He plays for JEF United Ichihara Chiba .
He plays for Juventus .
He plays for Juventus and Italy national team .
He plays for Kapfenberger SV .
He plays for Kashima Antlers .
He plays for Kashima Antlers and Japan national team .
He plays for Kashiwa Reysol .
He plays for Kataller Toyama .
He plays for Kawasaki Frontale .
He plays for Kingfisher East Bengal and India national team .
He plays for Kuban Krasnodar .
He plays for Kyoto Sanga .
He plays for Lahti and Finland national team .
He plays for Laranja Kyoto .
He plays for Lazio .
He plays for Levante .
He plays for Liverpool .
He plays for Liverpool and Argentina national team .
He plays for Liverpool and Denmark national team .
He plays for Lokomotiv Moscow and Ghana national team .
He plays for Los Angeles Galaxy and United States national team .
He plays for Los Angeles Galaxy and the England national team .
He plays for MIO Biwako Kusatsu .
He plays for Machida Zelvia .
He plays for Manchester City .
He plays for Manchester City and Argentina national team .
He plays for Manchester City and Bulgaria national team .
He plays for Manchester City and England national team .
He plays for Manchester City and France national team .
He plays for Manchester United .
He plays for Manchester United and France national team .
He plays for Manchester United and Korea Republic national team .
He plays for Manchester United and Scotland national team .
He plays for Middlesbrough .
He plays for Milan .
He plays for Milan and Georgia national team .
He plays for Mito HollyHock .
He plays for Monaco .
He plays for Monaco and Korea Republic national team .
He plays for Monaco and Mali national team .
He plays for Montedio Yamagata .
He plays for Muangthong United and Thailand national team .
He plays for NAC Breda .
He plays for Nagano Parceilo .
He plays for Nagoya Grampus Eight .
He plays for Nagoya Grampus Eight and Japan national team .
He plays for Napoli .
He plays for Nara .
He plays for Newcastle United and Argentina national team .
He plays for Norwich City .
He plays for Notts County .
He plays for Oita Trinita .
He plays for Oldham Athletic .
He plays for Olympiacos .
He plays for Olympique Marseille and Argentina national team .
He plays for Omiya Ardija .
He plays for Osasuna .
He plays for PAOK Thessaloniki .
He plays for PSV Eindhoven .
He plays for Palmeiras and Brazil national team .
He plays for Parma .
He plays for Parma and Bulgaria national team .
He plays for Persib Bandung .
He plays for Piacenza .
He plays for Pohang Steelers .
He plays for Police United .
He plays for Portland Timbers .
He plays for Porto .
He plays for Porto and Portugal national team .
He plays for Portsmouth and Israel national team .
He plays for Primeiro .
He plays for Proleter Novi Sad .
He plays for Queens Park Rangers .
He plays for Rangers of the Scottish Football League and United States national team .
He plays for Reading and United States national team .
He plays for Real Madrid C.F. and Germany national team .
He plays for Real Madrid and Brazil national team .
He plays for Real Madrid and France national team .
He plays for Real Madrid and Spain national team .
He plays for Real Sociedad .
He plays for River Plate .
He plays for Roasso Kumamoto .
He plays for Roma .
He plays for Roma and Italy national team .
He plays for Ryukyu .
He plays for SK Rapid Wien .
He plays for Sagamihara .
He plays for Sagan Tosu .
He plays for Sanat Naft .
He plays for Sanfrecce Hiroshima .
He plays for Santa Cruz .
He plays for Shakhtar Donetsk and Croatia national team .
He plays for Sheffield United and Scotland national team .
He plays for Sheffield Wednesday .
He plays for Shonan Bellmare .
He plays for Skoda Xanthi .
He plays for Sony Sendai .
He plays for Southampton .
He plays for Sparta Prague .
He plays for Spartak Moscow .
He plays for Sporting Portugal and Chile national team .
He plays for Sporting Portugal and the Portugal national team .
He plays for Stade Rennais and United States national team .
He plays for Sturm Graz .
He plays for Sun Hei .
He plays for Thespa Kusatsu .
He plays for Tigres UANL .
He plays for Tochigi .
He plays for Tochigi UVA .
He plays for Tochigi Uva .
He plays for Tokushima Vortis .
He plays for Tokyo .
He plays for Tokyo Verdy .
He plays for Tokyo and Japan national team .
He plays for Tonan Maebashi .
He plays for Tottenham Hotspur .
He plays for Tottenham Hotspur and England national team .
He plays for Tottenham Hotspur and Netherlands national team .
He plays for Urawa Red Diamonds .
He plays for VVV Venlo and Japan national team .
He plays for Valencia .
He plays for Valencia and Spain national team .
He plays for Vancouver Whitecaps .
He plays for Vegalta Sendai .
He plays for Ventforet Kofu .
He plays for VfB Stuttgart and Germany national team .
He plays for Vicenza .
He plays for Villarreal and Spain national team .
He plays for Vissel Kobe .
He plays for Werder Bremen and Germany national team .
He plays for Werder Bremen and Sweden national team .
He plays for West Ham United .
He plays for West Ham United and England national team .
He plays for West Ham United and Switzerland national team .
He plays for West Ham United and the England national team .
He plays for Wigan Athletic and Scotland national team .
He plays for Wolfsburg and Japan national team .
He plays for Yazaki Valente .
He plays for Yokohama .
He plays for Yokohama F. Marinos .
He plays for Yokohama F. Marinos and Japan national team .
He plays for Young Boys and Switzerland national team .
He plays for Zweigen Kanazawa .
He plays for punk rock band Green Day .
He plays for the Hamburg and for the Germany national team .
He plays for the New York Rangers and is currently an alternate captain .
He plays for the San Francisco 49ers and has played for the Buffalo Bills .
He plays in the German Bundesliga for Bayern Munich .
He plays on the ATP World Tour and he is 28 years old .
He plays the instrument sarangi and is well known for playing in Europe and the United States .
He plays the violin and is a music professor .
He pleaded not guilty and apologized for the trouble he caused but pleaded guilty to noncriminal disorderly conduct charges .
He praised it for its use in grinding grain and the reduction of human labor .
He preferred being a member of a chamber music group .
He presents an early evening show on the British music radio station BBC Radio 1 .
He previously played at the University of North Dakota .
He probably grew up in Mantua .
He probably wrote this to show young composers how to write good canons .
He promised he would make Texas part of the United States .
He promised to make the U.S. government its own bank so it did not have to put its money in other banks .
He promoted the objectives of the paper by contacting liberal Spaniards who would side with the Filipino cause .
He promotes himself .
He prospered for 12 years as a Missouri farmer .
He published his first large poetry collection in 1877 .
He published his first postcards in November 1917 .
He published his manifesto From Cubism to Suprematism .
He published over 70 books .
He punted each member of the McMahon family before beating Triple H in a 6 man tag team match for the title .
He put an embargo on tourism at Gombe while he was alive .
He put forward a number of unsolved problems at the International Congress of Mathematicians in Paris in 1900 .
He put on a parachute and used belts to hold himself in the chair .
He put the movements together just before his death .
He puts Cortana into the data .
He puts the ring in the hole .
He qualified in eighth for the first race .
He qualifyed 10th and finish eighth and scored a point .
He quickly became a folk hero .
He quickly became the most important person of the regime .
He quit the band because of this .
He raced in several series of karts from 1994 until 2002 .
He raced in the Formula Ford Zetec series .
He races for Team CSC Saxo Bank and he won the Tour de France in 2008 .
He raised the most amount of money ever for a presidential campaign .
He ran about 25 miles back to town .
He ran for election and became an Illinois state senator .
He ran to the bank and untied Brunn .
He read a lot and very fast .
He read a lot of poetry when he was away from home at a boarding school called Milton Academy .
He realized that without siege engines he could not hope to take the capital .
He realizes that Macbeth has become everything the witches said he would become .
He really likes the French poet Arthur Rimbaud and the American philosopher Ralph Waldo Emerson .
He received many awards during his life .
He received several awards for his works .
He received teachings and oral transmission of many gurus .
He recently worked with Slipknot on their new fourth studio album called All Hope Is Gone .
He recorded some with John Lee Hooker .
He recorded the parts for each instrument one at a time and then combined them .
He refuses and tells the Mariner that he would be crazy to blow up the ship .
He rejected both and joined the Baptist Church .
He rejoined the army at the start of the First World War .
He remained for the rest of his life .
He remained in the post until 1933 .
He remained until Doctor Whos cancellation in 1989 .
He remarried months after Monroe divorced him .
He replaced William J. Brennan .
He represented the state of Tennessee in the U.S. House of Representatives .
He resigned again in 1891 .
He resigned as a member of the Bundestag on the same day .
He resigned in 2000 and was given both a knighthood and a seat in the House of Lords .
He resigned in 2009 .
He restarted the NSDAP .
He retired completely from politics at the 1992 general election .
He retired from competitive play in 2001 .
He retired from football in December 2007 due to chronic back problems .
He retired from playing for England national team in 2004 .
He retired from the Air force as Wing Commander .
He retired from the Conservatoire in 1920 at the age of 75 .
He retired in Florida .
He retired on the first lap of the main race after hitting the wall .
He returned three years later and took control of the city Samarkand .
He returned to India in 1769 as a member of the Madras council and was made governor of Bengal in 1772 .
He returned to India to race in Formula Maruti for the 1993 season .
He returned to Langston to complete his degree .
He returned to New York in 1924 .
He returned to Richmond in 1901 .
He returned to Smackdown ! .
He returned to the Royals in 2007 .
He returned to the prairies playing for Brandon and Moose Jaw in minor professional leagues .
He revolted against Alexander the Great and fought a war for Darius the Great of Persia .
He revolutionized how dressmaking was oranised .
He rose to fame in the mid 2000s .
He ruled Egypt as a child along with Cleopatra until 30 BC .
He ruled England after king Edward the Confessor died .
He ruled as the Emperor of Mexico from 1864 to 1867 .
He ruled from 1808 until his death .
He ruled from 5 January 1066 until he was killed at the Battle of Hastings .
He ruled in England and Ireland from 24 March 1603 until his death .
He ruled in Scotland as James VI from 24 July 1567 until his death .
He ruled through fear .
He runs out shouting and wakes everybody up .
He said Americans had nothing like that in this country .
He said any crusader who answered the call would be given the same rewards as a crusader who went to the Holy Land .
He said he had only written it for a bit of fun and he did not want anyone to perform it .
He said he had to join the party or he would not be treated fairly .
He said it helped to be much younger than his character the first time he played the part .
He said it so that his wartime deputy Erich von Ludendorff would not write bad things in his memoirs .
He said people should use the scientific method .
He said scientists should listen with large radio telescopes for signals from other planets .
He said that California was now part of the United States .
He said that God wants people to know as much about him as they can .
He said that Hauser was Hungarian and not of noble blood .
He said that Hughes could only go to university if he went overseas and studied engineering .
He said that Miller appeared to genuinely care for Monroe and was willing to help her .
He said that Rushdie did not believe in Islam and that Rushdie should be executed for spreading the wrong and false word about Prophet Muhammad through this book .
He said that capitalism would go away after workers decided to take over the government in a revolution .
He said that composers there had a very French way of writing music .
He said that he eventually more or less gave up writing and started drinking all of the time .
He said that he had spent his life locked up in a small room with only a straw bed to sleep in and a wooden horse to play with .
He said that he would be their main driver for the 2005 Formula One season .
He said that it is not possible to prove that God exists .
He said that it was contagious .
He said that it was his job to make sure that people were ready for the most important message from God who would be sent soon .
He said that many stories had both fantastic qualities and animals .
He said that matcha was the correct tea to use .
He said that nanotechnology was the work of changing materials by one atom or by one molecule .
He said that suicide was sometimes OK .
He said that the White race had become what it was though hardship and bad conditions in the North .
He said that there was no reason to continue writing music as if these things had not been invented .
He said that they were not as beautiful as everybody said they were .
He said there were no other good musicians to talk to .
He said they looked like hopping cats .
He sailed three times to Canada looking for gold .
He sang with the American gospel and blues singer Brother John Sellers .
He sat in on classes at what was then Sacramento State College including workshops with poet Dennis Schmitz .
He saw his first photographer there at the mine .
He saw that people who got cowpox did not get sick from smallpox .
He saw that the planet Venus has light and dark phases just like the Moon .
He saw the Earth as the product of natural forces .
He saw the danger of a small fast ball and decided that the big soft soccer ball was safest .
He saw the poor people very closely .
He says it was so simple that even the stupidest man instinctively knows it is true .
He says that he has nightmares and can not sleep .
He scored 277 goals in a short career .
He scored a Top 10 hit in the United Kingdom in 1974 with version of the Cole Porter classic I Get A Kick Out Of You .
He scored the music for the 1997 movie Titanic .
He seems to have had both technical and philosophical reasons for formulating this proposal .
He sees a video of an alien leader called Drek .
He sent a tape of the performance to the conductor Simon Rattle in Birmingham .
He sent floods and a sea monster called Cetus to destroy Ethiopia .
He sent his mother to an insane asylum .
He served as Foreign Affairs Minister from 1973 to 1977 .
He served as Governor of California from 1943 to 1953 .
He served as interim President prior to elections .
He served as mayor of his hometown of Bad Bederkesa from 2001 to 2002 .
He served as the President of France from 1887 until he was murdered by Sante Geronimo Caserio in 1894 .
He served as the fifth Federal President of West Germany .
He served as the first Prime Minister of the Palestinian Authority from March to October 2003 .
He served from 1993 to 2006 .
He served in Khans court for 17 years and left the Far East and returned to Venice by sea .
He served in a variety of government jobs .
He served in that position until June 1797 .
He served in the Florida House of Representatives .
He served in the Hawaii Territorial Legislature in the 1950s .
He served in the United States Air Force during World War II before being injured in a plane crash .
He served in the Vietnam War .
He served longer than any other governor .
He served ten years in prison .
He served the second time from 1982 to 1992 .
He set up a small music school in Quebec but it was always difficult for him to get money from the authorities .
He showed his works in various shows .
He showed that the atmosphere of Venus is very hot and dense .
He showed up at the Battle of the Alamo on February 8 .
He shows hesitation when joining his friends to save the world from the Fire Nation .
He signed 2000 for SSC Napoli in the Seria A but had no breakthrough .
He signed a contract for a match with World Champion Triple H at WrestleMania 21 .
He signed a series of Peace Treaties called the Oslo Accords with Yitzhak Rabin who the Prime Minister of Israel at the time .
He signed with FC Red Bull Salzburg in 2010 .
He signed with the Tampa Bay Rays in 2011 .
He slowly passed over Long Beach and moved into the space where airplanes came into Long Beach Airport .
He sold prints for her benefit .
He soon became famous for his recitals and radio broadcasts in which he played music using historical performance styles .
He soon became known for his dancing abilities .
He soon became very famous .
He soon became world famous .
He soon decided it was not an appropriate choice .
He soon fell in love with Catherine .
He soon must care for Briarlight after a tree falls on her .
He soon separated from her .
He soon showed a great talent for music .
He soon turned it into a ballet .
He sought to consolidate royal power and crush domestic factions .
He spent a long time in jail after he was arrested for selling marijuana .
He spent a lot of time collecting and publishing all the anthems he had written .
He spent a year in London and then 4 years on the East Coast of the United States of America .
He spent eight days in Salyut 7 Space station in April 1984 .
He spent eleven years there and had a good musical education .
He spent five months in prison before being declared innocent .
He spent many years working on the three parts of the book .
He spent quite a few years in prison .
He spent several years traveling to many parts of the world collecting recordings of people singing their own traditional music .
He spent some time at the court of Duke Leopold V of Babenberg in Vienna .
He spent some time in prison on Robben Island for conspiring to overthrow the government .
He spent some time in several large cities including Prague and Berlin .
He spent the last 12 years of his life in Rome and created many of his most famous paintings .
He spent the next 12 years practising them until he felt ready to perform them .
He spent the next 15 years teaching in Wilmington .
He spent the next three years studying the Jewish scriptures again to find explanations for the Christian teachings .
He spent the next two months in a tower where a jailor looked after him .
He spent the rest of his life working on this instrument with help from two violin makers and a carpenter .
He spent the winters in Florida until the death of his first wife in 1949 .
He spent two years consolidating his holdings and finishing the conquest of Iberia south of the river Ebro .
He spent two years there and composed his first book of madrigals .
He spoke only French until he started school .
He spoke to the audience and said that anyone who did not want to hear the music could leave the hall .
He stands on two legs .
He starred in Lincoln Portrait which has music by Aaron Copland .
He start driving for the HRT F1 Team in Formula One .
He started a choir called the London Bach Society and a group of instrumentalists called the Steinitz Bach Players .
He started a religious movement based on the ideas of John Wyclif .
He started aragoto at the age only of 14 .
He started his career as a commercial artist .
He started his career as a musician and producer for documentary films .
He started his career by helping singers at the Graz Opera to learn their roles .
He started his career in the youth teams of ESK and SK Sturm Graz .
He started his feud with the Undertaker again defeating him at Summerslam in a Casket Match .
He started his professional career with SK Rapid Wien at the age of 17 .
He started his rookie NHL years here .
He started hunting with his brothers before his ninth birthday .
He started moving around Tennessee .
He started out as an independent musician in the late 1990s and released three independent albums before signing a recording agreement with Universal South Records .
He started piano lessons when he was five .
He started playing concerts and became very popular with music fans in Texas .
He started playing in the local soccer club SGA Sirnitz and played in different youth teams .
He started the Goldwyn Pictures Corporation in 1917 .
He started to become ill. .
He started to learn the violin when he was five .
He started to play the violin at the age of 11 .
He started to take sleeping pills .
He started to teach at the Royal College of Music and moved to London .
He started training there in 2007 and sometimes fights with the Northern Cyprus flag on his shorts .
He started with the team of Nigeria in the 1999 African Youth Championship .
He started working as a child actor .
He stated that she was then approached by a dark man in a black shirt similar to those worn by security guards as the young men drove away .
He stated that the removal should be radical and that all diseased tissue should be removed .
He stayed a member until 1979 .
He stayed as a reserve test driver for Williams for the 2006 season .
He stayed in Munich until 1936 when the Nazis made it impossible for him to continue .
He stayed in the Senate until his death .
He stayed in the army and saw action at the battle of Seringapatam .
He stayed on in England to earn some more money .
He stayed there for several months .
He steals items from the other kids and uses magic against them .
He still continued to travel for as long as possible .
He still had 11 more years to live after that .
He stopped going to school so that his teacher would not punish him .
He stopped playing in 1939 .
He storms out of the house .
He strongly believed that human intelligence could create progress and a better life .
He studied art in France and Spain .
He studied as much as he could .
He studied at a theological seminary in Pennsylvania .
He studied at the Paris Conservatoire .
He studied at the University of Cambridge and at the Royal College of Music where Hubert Parry was his teacher .
He studied at the local convent school as a youth .
He studied composition at the Royal College of Music .
He studied criminology and social science at Carleton University .
He studied hard and would probably have passed the government tests .
He studied in Berlin and Warsaw .
He studied law .
He studied philosophy at Rhodes and became fluent in Greek .
He studied political sciences and Slavic languages in Paris .
He studied the violin at the Royal College of Music and composition with Charles Villiers Stanford .
He studied with several teachers .
He studied with the composer Giacomo Carissimi for several years .
He subsequently assumed the post of Director of the United Nations Division .
He succeeded Franck as organist at Saint Clotilde Basilica in Paris from 1890 to 1898 .
He succeeded his grandfather as King of Scotland in 1153 .
He successfully ran for the Congress of the United States .
He suffered serious head injuries and was unable to race for the of the season .
He suffered with epilepsy and hung himself in 1980 after the disease became rather severe .
He suggested that the seasonal changes on Mars were due to dust storms .
He suited up as a goaltender twice with Quebec and once with Hamilton .
He supported limited government in the economy .
He supported the United States in the Vietnam War .
He supports the football team Millwall .
He survived the time of World War II in Chernivtsi and emigrated in 1951 to Israel .
He taught Sufism in Baghdad .
He taught about the Four Noble Truths and the Noble Eightfold Path .
He taught himself to play the piano .
He taught that all white people were bad .
He taught that pain is because of desire .
He taught that people should not look to gods to save them or bring them enlightenment .
He taught the piano in Berlin and gave a lot of support to young composers who had new ideas about music .
He taught there for several years .
He teaches at Dartmouth University .
He tells her to tell Pooh to mind his own business and throws her out of the room .
He tells him to give him the ring .
He tells his friends that he has got these things because he has a job with an English gentleman .
He tends to run away from the zoo because he misses the swamp .
He tested for Red Bull Racing at the young drivers test at Circuito de Jerez .
He then battles in the underground caverns of Ba Sing Se .
He then beat John Ruiz on 3 April 2010 and Audley Harrison on 13 November 2010 .
He then beat these in the sprint to win gold for the Isle of Man .
He then created Mickey Mouse .
He then dedicated himself to philosophical studies at religious schools like the Dominican one in Santa Maria Novella .
He then did his compulsory military service and entered the University of Chile to study medicine .
He then did minor acting roles before being praised for his role of Sam in Life as a House .
He then finished seventh in the Spanish Grand Prix .
He then fought Sugar Ray Robinson for the middleweight title .
He then got his old job back in Bruges .
He then leaned his shoulder into a fellow rider as he traveled away from the apex .
He then left again to go and pursue family time .
He then left his country and went into exile .
He then left their bodies in front of the palace for everyone to see .
He then moved back to Michigan and was a lawyer and a teacher .
He then moved to New York City to work as a science fiction editor .
He then needed dialysis every day .
He then opened a video game company and called it Game Freak like his magazine .
He then opened the shutter of his lantern .
He then places a collection of colored objects in the entrance to the bower .
He then proceeded to harass ships off the Italian coast .
He then raced in the Formula Renault 3.5 Series in 2007 .
He then ran away from home so that his father would not beat him .
He then resigned the Speakership of the House of Keys as required by law .
He then retired from politics and settled in his home in Boston .
He then sang in coffee bars .
He then sets off to this town called Rogueport .
He then spent several years writing and arranging music for groups of balalaikas to play .
He then supported Hubert Humphrey against Nixon in 1968 .
He then takes a big weapon called Panzerschreck and threatens to blow up the Ark as it is being loaded onto an island .
He then taught at the Eclectic Institute .
He then went onto the Elf Winfield Racing School in France .
He then went to Florence and at the beginning of 1870 he was in Paris .
He then went to Japan .
He then went to Vienna .
He then went to the WWF .
He then won the 1987 Caribbean Song Festival .
He then worked as a music critic and orchestrator .
He then worked at Theatre in the Round in Scarborough .
He then worked at a number of different jobs in Australia and overseas .
He therefore attacked Larsa .
He thinks he can find a way of tricking the giants .
He thinks he can use this power later to get the gold back .
He thinks islamic texts should be studied .
He thinks that the casques play a part in the way cassowaries hear sounds or the way that they make sounds .
He thought about every detail of the pieces he conducted .
He thought about what life from other planets would be like .
He thought he could learn important things about psychology from them .
He thought he might change the way the chair pointed and fall out .
He thought it was her fear of performing .
He thought of a new type of university which he desired to be set up at Santiniketan .
He thought of the idea of putting a message on spacecraft which could be understood by any life from another planet that might find it .
He thought sending probes to other planets was a good idea .
He thought that Lorenzo had too much power and was acting like a prince .
He thought that electronic music was going to be the music of the future .
He thought that they would become void if they were not delivered in time .
He thought there might be a better way than hurting himself .
He threatened to use military force against them if they were to do that .
He threw the ceremonial first pitch before Game 2 of the World Series .
He throws again and must move the values of the dice with his pieces .
He tied 105 large helium balloons to his lawn chair .
He told Gassendi to reply to the Meditations of Descartes .
He told Nadezhda .
He told everyone that the end of the world was near .
He told himself that he would not get up until he had found enlightenment .
He told the colonies to defend their rights and liberties at town meetings in Boston .
He told the people of Nicaragua that he wanted to help the country .
He told them to do this because he wanted to trick the Japanese into overestimating them .
He took a liking to Meher Baba and maintained a correspondence with him all of his life .
He took a specimen back to England .
He took control of the company in 1999 .
He took his ARCO organ diploma when he was only 16 and became an organ pupil at Peterborough Cathedral .
He took part in public singing contests and had long discussions with other people about love and the way it should be written about in poetry .
He took the first of his 22 victories at the 1993 Hungarian Grand Prix for the Williams team the following year .
He took the name Basil when he made his final promise to be a monk 1945 .
He took this step against the orders of Pope John Paul II .
He toured as pianist and conductor in Germany and Russia .
He toured in Europe and the United States and was welcomed everywhere as a great composer .
He toured the United States and many other countries with a small group of musicians performing modern music .
He toured the United States in 1904 .
He trained as a keelman until 1786 when he joined the crew of the Peggy at South Shields as an apprentice .
He trained as an electrician and gained employment at the South of Scotland Electricity Board before launching his football career in the 1960s with Junior League team Ashfield .
He trained to be a teacher and was sent to work in a military hospital near where the army was .
He translated three books from German to English .
He traveled an average of 22 miles per hour .
He traveled to Italy and went to the town of Ferrara where a lot of famous musicians worked .
He traveled to London where he spent hours in the art galleries .
He traveled to another state and landed his lawnchair in western Idaho .
He travels through a wormhole by accident .
He tried again and learned how to let helium out of the balloons and go down more carefully .
He tried composing an opera for the first time when he was 18 years old .
He tried not breathing .
He tried to make science popular .
He tried to make this book easy to read .
He tried to run away again on 23 December .
He tried to win the Prix de Rome in 1904 and again in 1905 .
He turned pro in 1999 .
He turned professional in the cruiserweight division in December 2002 .
He understood that it was impossible to win the battle with so few aircraft and trained pilots .
He united the separate small Hawaiian kingdoms into one large kingdom in 1795 .
He unknowingly puts in his court the person God chose to replace him .
He used his CB radio to contact people on the ground .
He used his long spear to hurt the dragon badly .
He used lots of new techniques such as shredding and tapping .
He used parts of many old American folksongs in his work .
He used planes of color and small brushstrokes that build up to form complex fields .
He used the alias Elwood Blues .
He used to be the mayor of Baltimore .
He used to play for Leeds United .
He used to play in the Spanish League for a club called Real Sociedad .
He used up so much of his time in the early stages of a game that he was often short of time at the end .
He uses a human spaceship to get into space while the explosion destroys Halo .
He uses different ways of tuning his guitar .
He uses rock elements into his recordings and live performances .
He usually tries to avoid them .
He voted to have the King of France Louis XVI killed with the guillotine .
He wakes up and fights with them until he has killed them all .
He walked up and shot Ferdinand .
He wanted mathematics to be formulated on a solid and complete logical foundation .
He wanted the lives of his friends saved .
He wanted to become a barrister .
He wanted to create a war with Spain to achieve that goal .
He wanted to do it himself so no one else could .
He wanted to do this after studying music in France .
He wanted to gain power legally by elections .
He wanted to get a doctorate degree from Oxford University so he wrote an anthem O Lord thou art my God .
He wanted to get back at Evans who had shot him several years earlier .
He wanted to go into government service .
He wanted to improve the music in his own country .
He wanted to kill Harrison for many of the same reasons Chapman killed Lennon .
He wanted to learn the meaning of his existence .
He wanted to make it clear that he did not mean stage magic .
He wanted to prepare the work so that it could be published .
He wanted to use the G.I. Bill to go to art school .
He wants to be a sky pirate when he grows up .
He wants to kill them .
He wants to teach her dancing and they fall in love .
He was 18 years old when he got this rating .
He was 19 years and 32 days old when he became the youngest chess player in history to be ranked world number one .
He was 44 years old .
He was 90 years old when a number of his works were shown in an exhibition at the Louvre in Paris .
He was Pope Clement II .
He was Premier for the shortest time in Western Australian history .
He was a Baptist minister .
He was a Catholic priest .
He was a Fellow of the Royal Academy of Music and Royal College of Organists .
He was a German cellist who lived in Russia .
He was a German field marshal and statesman .
He was a German pastor who opposed the Nazis .
He was a Korean independence activist against Japanese imperialism .
He was a Mary Ellen von der Heyden Fellow for Fiction .
He was a Quaker who believed strongly that music could help to bring peace in the world .
He was a Republican all his political life .
He was a U.S. Senator from 2005 to 2008 .
He was a blues rock guitarist and singer .
He was a civil rights pioneer .
He was a contestant on the Ultimate Fighter 2 on Spike TV .
He was a decent player rather than a gifted one .
He was a defender for West Ham United .
He was a descendant of James Hamlin who had lived in the Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1639 .
He was a disciple of Ramananda .
He was a driver in the 1973 Daytona 500 .
He was a famous artist recording on the Motown label in the 1960s and 1970s .
He was a famous teacher and charged a high fee for lessons .
He was a fisherman and a heavy drinker .
He was a follower of Descartes .
He was a former deputy energy secretary and died in 1987 .
He was a founder of the Brabham racing team and race car builder that carried his name .
He was a friend of the then Prince of Wales .
He was a great admirer of the music of Louis Vierne and Charles Tournemire and he made transcriptions of some of their improvisations .
He was a great preacher .
He was a king of ancient India .
He was a leading figure of the folk music scene of the 1960s .
He was a left wing .
He was a long time hot rodder and a race car builder at Kurtis Kraft .
He was a master of the basse de viol .
He was a member of parliament who had worked hard to get the railway built .
He was a member of the group called Les Six .
He was a member of the meeting that formed the current United States Constitution .
He was a messenger in the American Revolution .
He was a minister of church affairs .
He was a native of Nakhchivan .
He was a part of the Piast dynasty .
He was a portrait photographer in the cities and the countryside of the Peruvian Andes .
He was a prisoner of war of the British .
He was a professor of the Yerevan State University .
He was a qualified accountant .
He was a regular top board for the USA at Chess Olympiads .
He was a retired general and he had been the military leader of the 1991 coup .
He was a secretary of state in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs .
He was a senator from 1945 until 1969 and was President of the Chilean Senate from 1966 until 1969 .
He was a shortstop and leadoff hitter for the baseball team .
He was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence .
He was a skilled and hardworking administrator .
He was a socialist .
He was a son of a Scottish farmer .
He was a strict conductor who thought it was very important that the players should do exactly what the composer asks for in the score .
He was a successful lecturer at times in his later life .
He was a torpedo bomber of the United States Navy .
He was a very blessed person .
He was a very good organist and got his FRCO diploma in 1930 .
He was a very good teacher .
He was a writer for the J.J. Abrams show Fringe .
He was a young lawyer at that time .
He was able to bowl both fast and as a spinner .
He was able to make a hole into the next cell .
He was able to stop teaching at the Moscow Conservatory and spend his time composing .
He was acquitted .
He was acquitted on appeal .
He was added to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1977 .
He was admitted to the Ohio bar in 1860 .
He was afraid it might affect his career if he did not testify .
He was against all gods .
He was agreed to be a Minister of Defense .
He was almost blind by middle age .
He was along side Patricia Heaten .
He was also Chief of Police .
He was also a bandmaster .
He was also a botanist and philosopher .
He was also a member of the Cabinet Hitler .
He was also a member of the Rat Pack with friends Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin .
He was also a philosopher and an artist .
He was also a statesman and served as the President of India .
He was also against the war in Iraq .
He was also an aide to the Byzantine Emperor Heraclius .
He was also an expert painter .
He was also an influential user of wood engraving and woodcuts as art forms .
He was also arrested in 2008 for possessing the illegal drug cocaine .
He was also attacked at his house by a mob .
He was also called Re .
He was also chairman of the Laubach Social Democratics SPD .
He was also famous as a viola player and composed a concerto for viola and orchestra .
He was also featured in the Memoriam Montage in the 79th Academy Awards .
He was also given an honorary doctorate by Howard University .
He was also helped improve short story writing in the 1980s .
He was also in demand for giving organ recitals in different churches .
He was also in the team for the 1998 FIFA World Cup in France He played 56 matches and shot 6 goals .
He was also kept on the prison ship Success .
He was also once married to actress Helen Hunt in 1999 .
He was also one of the signers of the United States Constitution .
He was also part of the Austrian team for the FIFA World Cup 1998 and played there 3 matches .
He was also part of the tennis team .
He was also the founder of the Kurdish Democratic Party of Iran .
He was also the leader of the House of Saud and Prime Minister .
He was also the only member who had attended music school .
He was also very good at catching the ball when he was fielding .
He was also very good at writing about music .
He was also well known for his victory over an army led by Xiahou Dun .
He was among ten children in his family .
He was an advertising man who wanted to be a movie director .
He was an experienced politician and he became president in 1857 .
He was an extremely famous and popular conductor who had a lot of influence on music in England during his life .
He was an extremely popular composer of madrigals and chansons .
He was an important medical researcher during the time of the Roman Empire .
He was an important part of the Austrian team in the early 1930s .
He was an important supporter of Julius Caesar as a military commander and administrator .
He was an influential and powerful figure .
He was an intelligent and prudent general .
He was an orphan .
He was anointed again in front of everybody .
He was appointed CBE in 2003 for services to both music and for his charity work .
He was appointed CEO in January 2003 and held that position till March 2010 .
He was appointed to the Order of Merit in 1995 .
He was arrested and tried by the Inquisition .
He was assassinated by the Muslim Brotherhood while he was Prime Minister .
He was assigned to the South Pacific Ocean as a naval historian .
He was assistant organist at Southwark Cathedral from 1923 until 1925 .
He was at Brandeis University when the 1989 Tiananmen incident happened .
He was awarded a CBE in 2000 .
He was awarded a medical doctorate in 1972 .
He was awarded the title of Doctor by the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge and was made a Commander of the Victorian Order because he had composed a march for the coronation of King Edward VII in 1902 .
He was badly injured in a traffic accident while going home from a Philadelphia Phillies game in a taxi in 2004 .
He was banned from leaving the country between 1971 and 1991 .
He was becoming very famous .
He was believed to be the man who taught Ned Kelly how to be a bushranger .
He was best known to later fans as the Daily Planet editor Perry White in the Superman films of the 1970s and 80s .
He was born 11 August 1944 .
He was born Ehrich Weiss but changed his name when he became a professional magician .
He was born Sam Cook but later changed the spelling of his name .
He was born during a Spanish flu and smallpox epidemic .
He was born in 1923 and died 1932 .
He was born in 599 BC in Bihar state of India .
He was born in Ashton upon Mersey and studied at the University of Manchester .
He was born in Berlin and started in politics by becoming the town councillor in Magdeburg .
He was born in Braunschweig .
He was born in Chicago and he graduated from Amherst College in Amherst .
He was born in Cieszyn and studied with Carl Flesch .
He was born in England .
He was born in Greenock .
He was born in Karachi and made his first cricket entrance in 2000 against England in Faisalabad .
He was born in Novosibirsk .
He was born in Oklahoma and studied at the Tuskegee Institute .
He was born in Tokyo and in the forest he liked collecting insects .
He was born in Ukraine of ethnic Polish parents .
He was born in Zagazig .
He was born in a village in Wales
He was born in a village near Balkh in modern Afghanistan .
He was born in the 19th century which was a time when people thought English musicians were not very good .
He was born in the Bachoura area of Beirut .
He was born in the Hammersmith part London .
He was born in the city of Kolkata .
He was born it Teleze and died in Warsaw .
He was born on 13 October 1986 .
He was born on April 29 1979 .
He was born on Saint Tomas in the Virgin Islands .
He was brought up by his mother and his aunt .
He was buried at the foot of Hill Cemetery .
He was buried in Bergamo .
He was buried in Kabul .
He was buried in London .
He was buried in Sierre .
He was buried in a tomb in this cathedral .
He was buried in the Belleville Cemetery .
He was buried in the cemetery of Catolacus .
He was buried on the 4th November 1926 with over 2000 mourners for him .
He was called Francis Dereham .
He was caught and later killed .
He was conferred with the Hero of Soviet Union by the Soviet Government and the Ashok Chakra by the Indian Government .
He was consecrated as a bishop in 1607 .
He was considered very skilled and valuable and he was given the Lester B. Pearson award for the Most Outstanding Player in 2004 .
He was constantly in money difficulties and was imprisoned for debt at Seville at the end of 1602 .
He was crowned at Scone in November 1331 .
He was deeply interested in the politics of the Spanish Civil War and World War II .
He was descended from Jews who were made to converted to Catholicism after 1492 .
He was descended from both Genghis Khan and Tamerlane .
He was determined to defeat Hannibal .
He was diagnosed with Down syndrome .
He was diagnosed with inoperable stomach cancer in April 1999 .
He was diagnosed with schizophrenia and taken to Switzerland by his wife .
He was drafted 2007 amateur draft in the second round by the Arizona Diamondbacks .
He was drafted by the Arizona Cardinals in 2006 .
He was drafted by the Chicago Black Hawks with the 119th overall pick in the sixth round of the 1983 NHL Draft .
He was drafted by the Detroit Pistons with the 2nd overall pick in the 1st round of the 2003 NBA Draft .
He was drafted by the Edmonton Oilers with the 36th overall pick in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft .
He was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the sixth round of the 1998 NFL Draft .
He was drafted by the Los Angeles Rams 15th overall in the 1994 NFL Draft .
He was drafted by the Minnesota Wild in the 2000 NHL entry draft where he played 8 seasons with them .
He was drafted from the Sudbury Wolves of the Ontario Hockey League .
He was drafted with the 13th overall pick in the 1997 NHL Draft by the Chicago Blackhawks .
He was drafted with the 149th overall pick in the 2009 NHL Draft by the Chicago Blackhawks .
He was dressed like a simple country person and could hardly talk .
He was educated at Boston Latin School and Harvard College .
He was elected Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts in 1789 .
He was elected Speaker in the first regular term and held that post from 1922 to 1928 .
He was elected by 616 votes out of 827 .
He was elected county judge again in 1926 .
He was elected mayor in the first free elections on 26 October 1946 .
He was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1937 .
He was elected to the Senate .
He was elected to the United States Senate in 1790 .
He was eliminated by Rey Mysterio who won the match .
He was extremely popular in Europe during his time .
He was famous as a Lieder singer as well as on the concert stage and in opera .
He was famous for his part in a movie called Rebel Without a Cause .
He was finished in third place .
He was fired from this job and then worked creating movie sets .
He was first elected in the 1992 general election .
He was first elected in the 2001 general election .
He was first made a cabinet minister in 1979 and served constantly through 18 years of Conservative government .
He was followed by Giorgio Napolitano
He was followed in 2006 by Kent Nagano .
He was for the Declaration of Independence when he was in the Continental Congress .
He was forced to resign as prime minister because he was also acting as chef on a TV show .
He was found guilty of war crimes and crimes against humanity and executed on 16 October 1946 .
He was found in 1963 and put on trial again .
He was from Damghan in Iran .
He was from Rhode Island and was a Quaker .
He was from Santiago de los Caballeros .
He was from the Labor Party .
He was from the Liberal Party .
He was from the Nationalist Party .
He was given a job as a copyist .
He was given a knighthood in 1988 and was made a Companion of Honour in 2000 .
He was given an extra 4 years in prison at Port Arthur .
He was given an honorary doctorate at Oxford University .
He was given the 1978 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine .
He was given the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1969 .
He was given the honor of CBE in 1969 .
He was given the task of distributing some of the original copies .
He was given the title of LSO President for the rest of his life .
He was having an affair and divorcing his wife at the time .
He was heavily influenced by the work of Paul Gauguin and Henri Matisse .
He was honorably discharged the following year .
He was horribly injured when a hockey stick broke off and stuck into his chest during a game .
He was immediately invited to join the Globetrotters .
He was impressed when Pascal immediately did so and this began their friendship .
He was imprisoned in Baghdad for eleven years .
He was in Super Smash Bros. .
He was in both the original and prequel trilogies .
He was in danger of being arrested and killed by the German occupying forces and their collaborators in Belgrade .
He was in favor of giving money to American car companies .
He was in favor of sending more troops to Afghanistan .
He was in office for a total of six months and fifteen days .
He was in the first season of WWE NXT in early 2010 .
He was in the original band when they formed in 1983 .
He was in trouble with the police for his political activities to gain independence for Ireland .
He was in two other movies called East of Eden and Giant .
He was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 2002 and was also named as one of the 50 Greatest Players in NBA History in 1996 .
He was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 2008 and also had his jersey number 33 retired by the New York Knicks .
He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1965 .
He was inducted into the Quebec Sports Pantheon in 1994 .
He was informed by Vince McMahon that he was indeed eligible for the draft .
He was installed by occupying French forces under Napoleon III .
He was insulted when a reporter told him he was the only Russian skater to win a gold medal at the 2006 World Championships .
He was invited to conduct many of the leading world orchestras .
He was involved in the student revolt of 1968 .
He was killed by the invading Spaniards in 1533 and after that there were several Sapa Inca who were installed by the Spanish .
He was killed in a car crash at the age of 44 in 1956 .
He was killed in a tribal battle alongside the river in 1829 .
He was knighted for his achievements in 2000 .
He was knighted in 1947 and received the Royal Philharmonic Society gold medal in 1959 .
He was knighted in 2007 .
He was known and feared because of his ruthless actions and his crucifixion of defeated enemies .
He was known as a writer and teacher .
He was known by a lot of different names .
He was known especially for the 1969 movie Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid .
He was known for being a part of the surrealism culture .
He was known for helping people with leprosy in the colony of Kalaupapa on the island of Molokai in Hawaii .
He was known for his brave strength in battle .
He was last seen in a video which showed him in the Baghdad suburbs surrounded by supporters .
He was later allowed back and finished his degree .
He was later awarded the Medal of Honor .
He was later convicted of being a war criminal .
He was let out of prison and went back to Tasmania .
He was locked up in Pentridge Gaol .
He was made Photographo da Marinha Imperial and his work with images increased through his life .
He was made Professor of Mathematics in 1964 .
He was made a CBE in 1970 and was knighted in 1993 .
He was made a CBE in 1979 and knighted in 1990 for his outstanding work and contributions to the theater .
He was made a Companion of the Order of Australia in 2007 .
He was made as a partner for Wario in Mario Tennis and other Mario sports games and has no real story behind him .
He was made the Derry City manager at the end of 2006 but left halfway through the 2007 season after making a poor start with his new club .
He was made the president of the Montgomery Improvement Association .
He was made to stand in a pool of water up to his chin for all time .
He was married to actress Joanne Woodward .
He was mean and did not allow Keenan to be creative .
He was member of the Social Democratic Party .
He was member of the team for the 1978 and 1982 FIFA World Cup .
He was most famous for his development of Transcendental Meditation .
He was most popular in the late 1970s and early 1980s .
He was most successful when he managed Everton FC during the 1970s .
He was most well known for taking Xiaopei .
He was moved up to sixth in the race after James Jakes and Christian Vietoris stalled on the grid .
He was music director and organist of the new chapel at Princeton University between 1928 and 1935 .
He was named Folk Singer of the Year at the BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards in 2002 and again in 2005 .
He was named as Sports Illustrated athlete of the year in 1982 .
He was named one of the wisest people on television by The Economist .
He was named the third Greatest Male Star of All Time by the American Film Institute .
He was never able to sing again .
He was never able to use his right arm again .
He was nicknamed The Big Irishman or The Irish Guinea .
He was nominated for the Writers Guild of America Award award for Best Comedic Series at the February 2009 ceremony for his work on the third season of 30 Rock .
He was not a religious person and religious people did not like his opinions .
He was not allowed to stay with his teammates at the team hotel .
He was not sure if he should teach his new ideas or not .
He was obviously finding it difficult to think of new ideas .
He was of Haitian descent .
He was offered a knighthood but chose to be given money instead .
He was offered a race drive for the 2004 season .
He was officially named by the U.S. Senate in 1957 as one of its five best members .
He was often a guest on Late Night with David Letterman and the Late Show with David Letterman .
He was often asked to adjudicate at music festivals .
He was often called the most important artist in Disney comics .
He was often left alone because his mom was at work .
He was often thought of as a jerk face because of his jerky views and actions .
He was on television programs such as The Tonight Show and Late Night with David Letterman .
He was once ranked number 1 in the world .
He was once ranked number one in the world .
He was one of 20 children .
He was one of the best marathon runners of his time .
He was one of the first African Americans to work in law enforcement west of the Mississippi River .
He was one of the first Europeans to explore east Asia .
He was one of the first musicians to record with new Capitol Records .
He was one of the first performers in the renewed interest in British folk music in the 1960s .
He was one of the first to use the postcard format in Peru .
He was one of the five players selected to compete for the 1948 World Chess Championship tournament to determine who should succeed the late Alexander Alekhine as champion .
He was one of the follower of Jesus Christ .
He was one of the founders of proof theory and mathematical logic .
He was one of the founders of the Socialist Party of Chile and in 1938 became a minister of health .
He was one of the greatest composers of his day .
He was one of the greatest composers of his time .
He was one of the greatest organists and composers of his day .
He was one of the most famous conductors of the 19th century as well as being a famous pianist .
He was one of the most famous country singers during his 40 year career .
He was one of the most influential mathematicians of his time .
He was one of the most popular mimes in the world .
He was one of the most successful and most popular cyclists of all time .
He was one of the old President of Singapore who was a highly respected .
He was only 21 when he played a difficult concerto by Robert Volkmann .
He was only 57 years old .
He was only given bread and water .
He was ordered to arrest John Macarthur and George Johnston who were the leaders of the Rum Rebellion but they had already sailed to England before he got to Australia .
He was paralysed and almost unable to speak .
He was part of the Texas Revolution .
He was permitted to go the United States for medical treatment for a heart condition .
He was picked by the Anaheim Ducks with the twelfth overall pick in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft .
He was picked by the Avalanche with the third overall pick in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft .
He was picked by the Calgary Flames with the 220th overall pick in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft .
He was picked by the Dallas Stars with the 129th overall pick in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft .
He was picked by the Kings with the 61st overall pick in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft .
He was picked by the Predators with the two hundred and thirty overall pick in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft .
He was pinned by Triple H. After losing at Judgement Day Orton faced Triple H at One Night Stand and broke his collarbone .
He was played by Ralph Fiennes in the movie which was based on the book .
He was preceded by 23 Thirthankaras .
He was preceded by Shinzo Abe .
He was president during the time of the communist Democratic Republic of Afghanistan .
He was promoted to the position of Deputy Minister for Policy Planning and International Organizations in 1995 .
He was promoted to the shadow cabinet in 1987 and became the Home Secretary when Labor returned to power in 1997 .
He was prosecuted during the Nuremberg trials for his role in the Holocaust .
He was pushed away as a child and when he grew up he made a magazine and called it Game Freak .
He was put in a sanatorium near Paris for 17 months .
He was put into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1982 .
He was put on a ventilator .
He was raised Catholic .
He was released after six years and went back to Appin .
He was released from his WWE contract in late 2008 .
He was released from prison in 1989 .
He was released in March of 2009 .
He was removed from the rest of the curling competition but his team was allowed to continue .
He was replaced by Michael Howard .
He was replaced by his daughter Mary II jointly with her husband and first cousin William of Orange .
He was responsible for the illustration .
He was retried and found not guilty .
He was seen as a near certainty to win the presidency .
He was seen as a role model to millions of Kannadigas .
He was selected by the Chicago Blackhawks with the 140th pick in the 2004 NHL Draft .
He was selected by the Chicago Blackhawks with the 156th overall pick in the 2002 NHL Draft .
He was selected by the Nashville Predators with the 2nd pick in the 1998 NHL Draft .
He was selected by the Ottawa Senators with the 239th pick in the 1996 NHL Draft .
He was selected by the Whigs to be their candidate because he was a famous general .
He was self educated .
He was sent back to his job after rest in Naples .
He was sent on three expeditions with the ship called Endeavour all over the world .
He was sent to prison for 21 years .
He was sent to prison for 6 years because of this .
He was sent to work for George Bowman in the Hunter River area .
He was sent to work for a Mr. Pagan at Parramatta .
He was sentenced to 99 years in prison .
He was sentenced to death .
He was shot and killed by a hotel manageress called Bertha Franklin .
He was shot dead by Bourke .
He was so good at improvising that many people thought he had composed the music beforehand .
He was so unhappy while he was there that he thought about committing suicide .
He was soon in trouble and put to work on a road gang .
He was soon playing the piano in public and was composing by the age of twelve .
He was state senator from 1997 to 2004 .
He was still in Germany when World War I broke out and he was interned in Ruhleben P.O.W. Camp just outside Berlin .
He was still only 11 or 12 years old .
He was still only ten when he won the Junior Wieniawski violin competition .
He was studying at the time .
He was succeeded by Taro Aso .
He was suffering from appendicitis but refused to see a doctor .
He was suffering from syphilis .
He was suspended for 6 months .
He was terribly sad when a close friend was killed in World War I. He decided to go to Brazil .
He was the 1996 Formula One World Champion .
He was the Member of Parliament for the Stalybridge and Hyde constituency in the United Kingdom from the elected in the 2001 general election until he retired at the 2010 general election .
He was the Minister of Education in the Northern Ireland executive from 1999 to 2002 .
He was the Most Valuable Player of the 2008 NBA Finals .
He was the President of Galicia from 1990 to 2005 .
He was the Prime Minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1946 and again from 1946 to 1948 .
He was the Thrasher Skater of the Year in 2003 .
He was the United States Senator from Minnesota 2001 to 2007 .
He was the adopted son of president Andrew Jackson .
He was the anchor of CBS News from 1962 to 1981 .
He was the best friend of Achilles .
He was the biggest enemy of the Roman Republic .
He was the captain on the Toronto Maple Leafs for 11 seasons .
He was the father of actor and singer Jaycee Chan . .
He was the first African American member of Congress from Virginia .
He was the first African in space .
He was the first British composer ever to have won this award .
He was the first Dominican president to be charged with corruption .
He was the first Japanese Formula One driver to scored a point at Monaco .
He was the first associate justice nominated by George Washington .
He was the first black man to openly play in the major leagues since the 1880s .
He was the first black person to do so .
He was the first black person to serve as vice president of a major American company .
He was the first black player to win this award .
He was the first king of the ancient Israel .
He was the first living artist to have an exhibition at the Louvre .
He was the first member in 1959 .
He was the first monarch of England from the House of Stuart .
He was the first monk to be archbishop since 1850 when Roman Catholic bishops returned to England .
He was the first of several great American players to have a short chess career .
He was the first openly gay man to be elected to public office in California .
He was the first overall pick in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft .
He was the first person to get this nomination after they had died .
He was the first person to learn how to do it .
He was the first person to record European contact with Aboriginal people .
He was the first person to win the award in that category .
He was the first player to dunk three basketballs at one time in a dunk contest .
He was the first to translate the meaning of the waggle dance .
He was the founder of Gojoseon .
He was the founder of Osborne Computer .
He was the fourth and last son of Mursili II .
He was the grandfather of Javier Solana .
He was the greatest English composer of church music of his day .
He was the greatest chess player of his era and an unofficial world champion .
He was the greatest of the German Minnesinger .
He was the head of Antiquities in Egypt in the 19th century .
He was the last of nine children in his family .
He was the last offspring of the Hyke dynasty .
He was the leader in the field of genomics .
He was the leader of one of the most famous big bands in the 1930s and 1940s .
He was the leader of the Liberal Democrats from July 1988 to August 1999 .
He was the leading portrait photographer in the Andean city of Cusco .
He was the main conductor of the Henry Wood Promenade Concerts from 1948 to 1967 .
He was the main witness in the bank robbery .
He was the manager of Ajax in 2008 and 2009 .
He was the most important French composer of his time .
He was the most important German composer in the years after World War II .
He was the most important and influential German composer during the years between the two World Wars .
He was the most important god in ancient Egypt .
He was the oldest living leader of an Eastern Orthodox church .
He was the oldest of twelve children .
He was the one who gave the command to move the student resistant gang on 16th October 1976 .
He was the only British track cyclist not to win a medal .
He was the only President not to have married .
He was the only well known indigenous Latin American photographer of his time .
He was the president from 1921 to 1923 .
He was the private secretary of Adolf Hitler .
He was the second cousin to James Madison .
He was the second of the five sons of Johann Sebastian Bach and Maria Barbara Bach .
He was the son of Joseph Bailey and Mary Eadon .
He was the son of Raymond VI of Toulouse and Joan of England .
He was the spiritual leader of Eastern Orthodox Serbs from 1990 to his death .
He was the third Pharaoh of the Nineteenth dynasty .
He was the underdog and everyone thought he was going to lose .
He was the younger brother of Charles II .
He was the youngest cabinet minister in Polish history .
He was the youngest of five children .
He was then a composer aged 36 .
He was then elected governor in January of 1794 .
He was then left completely in control of Iraq .
He was thinking of becoming a writer .
He was third in WHA scoring and rookie of the year .
He was to take over from William Bligh who had been removed from power during the Rum Rebellion .
He was told not to cross Albania on foot .
He was tortured and put to death in 1498 .
He was traded to Ottawa Senators .
He was traded to the Milwaukee Brewers in December 2009 .
He was traded to the Minnesota Timberwolves along with cash considerations for Brian Cardinal from the Knicks .
He was twice nominated for an Oscar award .
He was unable to become a pilot in the United States Air Force because he could not see well enough .
He was used as a pinch runner in the two games he played .
He was usually credited as Camille Flammarion .
He was very close to his mother .
He was very frightened that people would find out and that he would be bullied .
He was very good at climbing mountains in races .
He was very good at school and was interested in lots of subjects including science and philosophy .
He was very good in riding in the mountains .
He was very important in the beginning of soul music .
He was very interested in in witchcraft .
He was very kind and wise and wanted to change the world .
He was voted Most Valuable Player of the 2004 Pro Bowl .
He was voted off after the top 7 participants .
He was wearing shoes without socks and died from a toe infection .
He was well known as a writer who warned of the dangers of nuclear winter .
He watches them get old .
He wears number 81 on his jersey .
He went as far east as Riga .
He went back down slowly by shooting balloons with a pellet gun .
He went back to Madrid in 1901 .
He went down slowly until cables hanging from the balloon got caught in an electrical power line .
He went home to Pasadena .
He went on a 25 year trip to China with his father and uncle during the Mongol Dynasty .
He went on a pilgrimage to see the Islamic holy city of Mecca in Saudi Arabia .
He went on to Hamburger SV in the German Bundesliga where he played till 1998 .
He went on to win the Royal Medal of the Royal Society in 1971 and the Copley Medal in 1979 .
He went to Charterhouse School and played the viola in the school orchestra .
He went to Dorrigo High School .
He went to India three times by ship .
He went to Italy where he learned a lot by studying the music of Italian composers .
He went to Louisana State University .
He went to Madrid where he studied very hard and won prizes .
He went to New Zealand and took part in the Maori Wars in 1861 .
He went to Samarqand and completed his studies there .
He went to Washington for college .
He went to Winchester Cathedral .
He went to live in the French village of Prades which was near the border with Spain .
He went to many different schools in the 1950s and 1960s .
He went to prison after this for ten weeks .
He went to school in Appin .
He went to the College of William and Mary in 1894 at the age of fifteen .
He went to the Juilliard School .
He went to the King River area of Victoria and began to rob farms .
He went to the Pro Bowl four times .
He went to the St. Augustine School for Deaf and Blind and while he was there his mother died .
He went to the United States and played in a band during the American Civil War .
He went to the University of North Carolina .
He went to warmer countries to try to get better .
He went with Bessie Clifford and arrived in February 1837 .
He will also appear in the final two films of this series .
He will also be writing for the Clone Wars monthly comic .
He will become eligible for the Baseball Hall of Fame in 2013 .
He will come again in glory to judge the living and dead .
He will take part in the first free practice session of each race weekend .
He withdrew from the Japanese Grand Prix fearing for his safety .
He won 15 Hugo Awards for Best Professional Editor .
He won 2000 pesetas for his victory .
He won Amber blindfold and rapid chess championship in 1992 and 2010 .
He won Super Bowl XXXV in 2001 with the Baltimore Ravens .
He won a National Medal of Science in 1993 .
He won a Stanley Cup in 1936 and in 1937 with the Red Wings .
He won a bronze medal at the 1929 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Zakopane .
He won a spot in the Elimination Chamber .
He won an Academy Award in 1942 for his work on the screenplay of Mrs. Miniver .
He won an Academy Award in 1998 .
He won as an editor and as a writer of short fiction .
He won both stage 3 and stage 6 to wear the points jersey .
He won both the Emmy and Golden Globe Awards for his works .
He won gold in the madison at the Los Angeles World Track Championships with Rob Hayles .
He won his tenth fight in a row when he beat Arthur Williams on 12 May 2004 .
He won in 1928 with New York and in 1934 and 1938 with Chicago .
He won one election in 1993 but was beaten by John Howard in 1996 .
He won one race and finish in ninth place .
He won prizes as the best shot and best at physical training in his platoon .
He won prizes from the university for his work and was given his degree in 1854 .
He won that election and the next election in 1812 .
He won the 1930 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for the discovery of human blood types .
He won the 1978 Formula One championship and won the 1967 Daytona 500 .
He won the 1999 Sprint cup championship and the 1993 Daytona 500 . .
He won the 2000 Nobel Prize in Literature .
He won the 2007 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Sir Martin Evans and Oliver Smithies .
He won the Academy Award for best Actor for his role in the movie Separate Tables in 1958 .
He won the British Formula Three Championship in 2009 .
He won the Championship that year .
He won the Conn Smythe Trophy as MVP in the playoffs in 1985 and 1988 .
He won the Eckersberg Award in 1950 and the Guggenheim Award in 1958 .
He won the Italian championship He had eight wins and six pole positions .
He won the Japanese national championships in 2006 and 2007 .
He won the Nobel Prize in 1982 .
He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1948 for his discoveries discovery of insecticidal qualities and use of DDT in the control of vector diseases .
He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1951 for developing a vaccine against yellow fever .
He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1975 for discovering reverse transcriptase which he shared with Howard Temin and Renato Dulbecco .
He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2009 for his discoveries of how chromosomes are protected by telomeres which he shared with Elizabeth Blackburn and Carol W. Greider .
He won the Nobel Prize in physics .
He won the Oscar in 1966 for his role in The Fortune Cookie .
He won the Stanley Cup in 1938 with the Chicago Black Hawks .
He won the Stanley Cup three times .
He won the Stanley Cup with the Chicago Blackhawks in 2010 .
He won the Thorvaldsen Medal in 1963 .
He won the Tour de France in 1997 .
He won the WWE Intercontinental Championship after Umaga was attacked by Bobby Lashley .
He won the Wimbledon Championships in 1987 and was once ranked the fourth best player in the world .
He won the championship by 87 points .
He won the championship with five wins .
He won the match after only 45 seconds .
He won the match by rolling up him .
He won the trophy when he was playing for the Atlanta Thrashers .
He won the welterweight title from Tony DeMarco in 1955 .
He won this trophy nine times .
He won those ten fights with a total of only 20 rounds .
He won three race and finished on the podium six other times .
He won two championships during this years .
He won two more elections in 1977 and 1980 before losing to Bob Hawke in 1983 .
He wore less armor than knights from Europe .
He worked as a human rights solicitor until the 2005 General Election when he was elected as an MP .
He worked as a kitchen boy at a cheap Paris cafe in exchange for a room and food .
He worked as a night custodian at Mercy Hospital .
He worked as a security guard sometimes .
He worked as a stockman at Wagga Wagga .
He worked at NASA for a little bit .
He worked at each composition until it was perfect and never showed it to anybody until it was ready .
He worked for the Nazi party during the 1920s and 1930s .
He worked hard to make people understand that black people should always be treated equally to white people .
He worked in Florence .
He worked in genres of painting and applied art .
He worked in hotels and sang at The Folksinger .
He worked mainly for newspapers and as a riverboat pilot before he became a writer .
He worked on the possibility of an atomic bomb .
He worked there until he was fired in 1970 for his inappropriate writing style .
He worked there until the two colleges in Aberdeen joined together in 1860 and he lost his job .
He worked very hard at his piano technique .
He worked with Nazi Germans during the World War II .
He worked with the Chronicle for fifteen years .
He worked with the Frankie Ortega Trio in Las Vegas and at the Balboa Bay Club in Newport Beach for 11 years .
He works at Strickland Propane and sells propane and propane accessories .
He works at the Counter Terrorist Unit as a field agent .
He would be very nasty to any farmer that did not treat their workers properly .
He would become a holy man with no home .
He would look at the object and tell the audience what it was used for .
He would need to cover seventy kilometres a day to arrive on time .
He would only agree to the purchase if the team receiving a FIA entry for the season .
He would record many of his poems on a tape recorder and many of his recordings were sold like records in the Spanish speaking world .
He would start by playing composed music which was suitable for the time of year .
He writes about himself and life .
He writes most of the songs .
He writes that she called the White House often .
He wrote a book about this called The Road .
He wrote a lot of Danish songs which are very popular in Denmark .
He wrote a lot of church music during his years in Bruges .
He wrote a lot of songs that were funny and often talked about politics and history
He wrote a lot of stories in rhyme and made drawings to go with them .
He wrote a novel called The Moviegoer .
He wrote a number of organ works .
He wrote a secret diary about the misdeeds of the Nazis .
He wrote a series of large books called The History of England .
He wrote a serious opera called Saul og David and a comic opera Maskarade .
He wrote a song for the campaign .
He wrote a very large work for organ called Commotio .
He wrote about life in the country and outback areas of Australia .
He wrote an introduction to a book of psalm tunes in which he critized the state of the church in England .
He wrote choral music and music for the organ .
He wrote haiku .
He wrote his first poem when he was only eight years old .
He wrote his first short story and dramas when he was only 16 years of age .
He wrote his first song for his mother when he was eight years old .
He wrote in Spanish and most of his works have been translated into a great number of languages .
He wrote it in Arabic by 1190 .
He wrote it while he was living and birding in Cape May Point .
He wrote it with Friedrich Engels in 1848 .
He wrote many ballads and poems about Australian life .
He wrote many books about sailing and boats .
He wrote many historical novels .
He wrote many other drams on a variety of themes .
He wrote more than 30 works .
He wrote more than 400 compositions .
He wrote music for many TV series in the 1970s .
He wrote some music for melodramas in theaters .
He wrote that the growth of the population is exponential .
He wrote that the radio and record player was helping people who had never listened to music before to enjoy music .
He wrote the Pauline Epistles in the New Testament .
He wrote the Safarnama .
He wrote the book with a person named Stan Redding .
He wrote the music for them .
He wrote the scores to many TV series in the 1970s that a whole generation of Europeans grew up with .
He wrote their songs .
He wrote three books based on episodes of the series .
Head oversaw the design and construction of Williams cars until May 2004 when his role was handed over to Sam Michael .
Health and financial problems brought his work to an end in 1934 .
Healthy adult Bald Eagles are not eaten anywhere in the wild .
Heat from the blood in the vessels helps warm the air as you breath .
Heat is allowed in through skylights above Nickelodeon Universe .
Heat periods occur about every two weeks and last 4 to 6 days .
Heather is an important food source for various sheep and deer which can graze the tips of the plants when snow covers low growing vegetation .
Heating table beds is an old practice .
Heatley then later traded to San Jose Sharks in 2009 .
Heatley won the Calder Memorial Trophy in 2002 .
Heavenly Eden is also mentioned .
Heavy clay and Ironstone deposits seround Banbury .
Heavy rain caused delays and confusion and both armies settled down for the night in the mud to await the dawn and the forthcoming battle .
Heavy tanks often have special devices to see very far and in the dark .
Heidfeld will race starting with the Singapore Grand Prix .
Heimdall is the Norse god of vigilance .
Heinrich Himmler believed that this would help create the master race .
Held in prison for over a year before being brought to trial all the accused were eventually acquitted in August 1878 .
Helen Shardey is the Liberal State Member for Caulfield .
Helen learns that the Mariner knows where Dryland is and wants to see it .
Helena used to be a Slovakian national champion .
Hello Kitty is one of the most successful marketing brands in the world .
Helping the bad guys costs karma points .
Helsinki is located 220 km away .
Hence Laika died while Sputnik 2 was in orbit around the Earth .
Hence every person from south region going to Ayodhya must go through Faizabad .
Hence parasitism is almost certainly the most common feeding method on Earth .
Hence the proof is correct .
Henna was used in India for manicure .
Henry VIII loved his young bride and gave her lots of rich presents .
Henry VIII noticed Jane at court and had already fallen in love with her by the time Anne Boleyn was executed .
Henry and Mary were close as children .
Henry had decided that the young prince was to succeed him .
Henry is also a 1992 Olympian and winner of the Arnold Classic strongman competition .
Henry was very upset .
Her apparel includes low cut blue jeans .
Her best friend is Minnie Mouse .
Her best friend was Melissa Joan Hart .
Her best known roles were in Freaky Friday and Lizzie McGuire .
Her biggest role was in a scary movie called The House of Wax .
Her birth name is Barbara Pierce .
Her birth name was Thelma Catherine Ryan .
Her brother Rufus Wainwright is also a well known singer .
Her brother formed the Richard Carpenter Trio in 1965 .
Her condition later improved .
Her condition worsened and the actress died at the age 57 .
Her duty is to begin the May Day celebrations .
Her early death was caused by breast cancer .
Her education was also changed .
Her efforts brought about 600 paintings and furnishings into the White House Collection .
Her face had been brutally hacked away with a knife .
Her fame grew .
Her family did not approve and did not go to the wedding .
Her family owned a lot of land .
Her family sincerely grieved her death .
Her father Ben was a talented woodsman who did the timber work on a plantation .
Her father and brothers helped choose the books she read .
Her father came from Jersey .
Her father died in 1805 .
Her father is German and Norwegian and her mother is Italian and Irish .
Her father is Richard and her mother is Kathy .
Her father loved music .
Her father owns a restaurant and a fast food business in Motherwell .
Her father taught her and her mother to read Sanskrit writing .
Her father then entered her in a Little Miss America Pageant where Chase won the national vocal competition .
Her father was Henry II of France and her mother was Catherine of Medici .
Her father was John Sheldon Doud .
Her father was Robert Smith Todd and her mother was Eliza Parker .
Her father was a Major in the American Revolutionary War .
Her father was a doctor .
Her father was quick to marry again .
Her father was the second son of the Duke of Norfolk .
Her first album was called Amita Tata Young and it was very successful .
Her first book made was printed in 2002 by the publisher Arovell Verlag .
Her first husband was King Francis II of France .
Her first record was released in 1987 .
Her first role was that of Evie in the 1947 film Dangerous Years .
Her first scene was in her hometown in 1821 .
Her first teacher was Alison Dalrymple .
Her first was to James Dougherty .
Her godfather was the famous Cardinal Thomas Wolsey .
Her heath became very weak .
Her hours in space flight were more than 343 .
Her husband and daughters were by her side .
Her husband became the King on 31 July 1750 .
Her husband died about ten months later .
Her husband died just after three months of her retirement as the President .
Her husband remarried to Elisabeth Farnese in December 1714 .
Her husband resigned as the President of the United States .
Her husband then married Catherine Willoughby .
Her husband was Henry Elliot Johnston .
Her husband was a banker from Baltimore .
Her husband worked for the government .
Her image represents her as a punky Gothic type person .
Her job as a committee member was to help guest of honor Robert A. Heinlein .
Her love for astronomy began when her father began maintaining a small observatory .
Her main coach is Agne Bergvall .
Her mandate ends 2012 .
Her marriage to William Siddons was the cause of many problems .
Her maternal grandparents were John of Saxony and Princess Amalie Auguste of Bavaria .
Her most famous acting was in the classic television sitcom All in the Family .
Her most famous role was that of Lady Macbeth .
Her most notable appearance was her appearance on Hotel Erotica .
Her most popular album is Ah we Nos which was released in 2004 .
Her mother and father both served terms as mayor of Tecumseh .
Her mother died in 1759 when Bathilde was just eight years old .
Her mother died in a car accident .
Her mother died in childbirth .
Her mother is Ena .
Her mother was Swedish and her father was a judge and served in the United States Army .
Her mother was a very determined business woman .
Her music seduced a public always bigger .
Her musical career started in the 1980s group Sound of Music .
Her naginata skills overwhelmed even the most trained samurai .
Her name Hala is a common Arabic name which means halo .
Her name at the time of her birth was Anne Frances Robbins .
Her name was Delilah .
Her name was Medea .
Her name when she was born was Mary Jane West .
Her nationally syndicated talk show The Laura Ingraham Show airs throughout the United States on the Talk Radio Network .
Her next Drury Lane appearance on 10 October 1782 was very different .
Her next album is expected to be released in April 2009 .
Her notable acting includes playing Rhoda Morgenstern on The Mary Tyler Moore Show and starring in the television sitcom Valerie .
Her novel Gambhiri Ghara proved to be a bestseller in Oriya literature .
Her novels and short stories all share a common theme of exploring the relationship between the human mind and technology .
Her novels have gained a reputation for the frankness about sexuality and of feminist outlook .
Her other famous movies include Gosford Park and Tea with Mussolini .
Her parents did not want her to be married to someone of mixed race .
Her parents were Elliot Tole Lane and Jane Buchanan Lane .
Her parents were Lady Frances Brandon and Henry Grey .
Her parents were Mary Potts Neal and Dr. John W. Scott .
Her parents were aristocrats so she was rich enough to go to school .
Her parents were prominent residents of the city .
Her parents were very wealthy .
Her paternal grandparents were Charles Albert of Sardinia and Maria Theresa of Austria and Tuscany .
Her perhaps best known roles are Emily on Life is Ruff and Debbie on Phil of the Future .
Her portrait of a drunk Homer sleeping on the couch won the competition .
Her regency officially ended in 1680 but she maintained power for four years until her son banished her from further influence in the state .
Her relationship with Tchaikovsky was also a good thing for her .
Her role as the lead singer of Nan Quan Mama gave her instant fame .
Her second married was to Joe DiMaggio .
Her singles included Gloria and Self Control .
Her sister is Jenna Bush .
Her sister is Kylie Minogue .
Her skating partner is Benjamin Agosto .
Her squeaks and occasional speaking parts are regularly done by Nancy Cartwright or Yeardley Smith .
Her stepfather is British director Michael Anderson .
Her stories make the human mind a real place where people can go and do things .
Her story is told in the New Testament of the Bible .
Her supporters won .
Her temple is 37 miles away from Luxor .
Her theories questioned some traditional Freudian views .
Her theories were criticized by foreign authors for the misinterpretation of historical sources and revisionism . .
Her time with the Goddards would once again prove to be short .
Her trademark weapons are the Amazon fighting staff and the sai .
Her true name is Sachiko Kamachi .
Her two aunts raised all the three children .
Her widely praised 1951 bestseller The Sea Around Us won her financial security and recognition as a gifted writer .
Her work is part of the cyberpunk movement .
Her work on cancer epidemiology was carried on by Richard Doll and Austin Bradford Hill .
Her work played a key role in the growth of scientific biology in the early 19th century .
Her works are also about moral problems .
Her works made her one of the most famous and beloved writers in English literature .
Her works were made between 1946 and 1971 it showed new views by merging traditional spadework with linguistics and mythological info .
Her works were printed only after much revision .
Herd immunity happens when most of the animals in a group are immune to an infection .
Herd immunity is an important part of how vaccines work .
Here are all the moons in the Norse group .
Here are some things that are often found in Japanese names today .
Here he could compose in peace and quiet .
Here is a list of some of those actors and how long they lasted on the show .
Here is a list of them .
Here is the permittivity of the material when you compare it to the permittivity of free space .
Here is true .
Here it is seen that the Frisians won the battle .
Here it is very important for molecules to find exactly the other molecules that they should connect with .
Here she will quietly give birth .
Here the player must control Arbiter and his followers as they attempt to escape the betrayal and ambush .
Here they find human forces making a last attempt to stop the Covenant from activating a portal they found buried in the Kenyan desert .
Here you find a list of editor review backlogs .
Heroes have adventures in these stories .
Hesiod rewrote her myth in Works and Days .
Heuristics used to find the entry are called replacement policy .
Hey !
Hideyoshi forced all samurai to decide between a life on the farm and a warrior life in castle towns .
Higby is the former assistant of the White House Chief of Staff H. R. Haldeman during the Nixon Administration .
High and low pitches sounded muddled to him .
High in the trees eagles perch .
Higher organisms then feed on the fungi and bacteria in a chain of life .
Hilbert and his students supplied much of the mathematics needed for quantum mechanics and general relativity .
Hilbert discovered and developed a range of fundamental ideas in many areas .
Hill started his Formula One career in 1992 with the then uncompetitive Brabham team .
Hill took eight victories and the world championship in 1996 .
Hilton and her friend Nicole Richie were the stars of the reality show The Simple Life for five seasons .
Hilton became a success writer when he was still young .
Hilton has been in the media for various reasons .
Hilton have also read articles by early travelers in Tibet that he found in the British Library for more ideas .
Hilton played ice hockey there .
Hindenburg did not believe the story .
Hindenburg issued a press release about his meeting with Hitler that seemed to say that Hitler had demanded absolute power and that the President had refused .
Hindenburg retired from the army in 1911 .
Hindu Tradition gives Ganesha an important place .
Hindus believe that Balarama was the older brother of Krishna .
Hindus believe that Vishnu has many important avataras .
Hindus believe that the Matsya avatara is the first important avatara of Vishnu .
Hindus believe that there are four stages of time .
Hindus in Maharashtra follow the Saka era calendar .
Hingis has retired twice from the game .
Hippocrates named many kinds of cancer .
Hippocrates only described and made drawings of tumors he saw from outside .
Hippolytus of Rome knew Sabellius personally and mentioned him in the Philosophumena .
Hiram Abrams was in charge of distribution and Zukor handled the business side of the company .
Hiranyakashipu also wanted to kill everyone who worshipped the gods and make everyone worship him instead .
Hiranyakashipu was not happy at his son and wanted to burn him to death .
His African Sanctus was a result of his trip down the Nile .
His Bengali family was prominent in arts and letters .
His Cabinet decided he did not have the ability to be Prime Minister and he was forced to resign .
His Cabinet did not agree .
His Fantasy and Fugue on BACH is one of the hardest pieces ever written for organ .
His Hebrew name was Moses ben Maimon .
His NBA career lasted from 1985 to 1994 .
His NBA career was short due to his low basic skills .
His Requiem is popular both with amateur and professional choirs .
His Requiem remains a favorite work for choirs .
His Roman name was Marcus .
His ability to produce a constantly homogenous fragrance consisting of dozens of monoessences was seen as a sensation at the time .
His absence from Rome allowed the intelligent Octavian to build up support .
His album The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders From Mars was released in 1972 .
His arms became caught in the material of the last canopy .
His ashes are buried under the floor of the Langston Hughes Auditorium in the Arthur Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture in Harlem .
His assassination was said to be a message to the British government against British imperialism .
His attempts failed because Aboriginal people did not want to become farmers .
His aunt taught him the piano from when he was two .
His best bowling figures are getting 7 wickets for 77 runs against Bangladesh .
His best known book is Being and Time .
His best known role was that of Det . Dave Starsky in American TV series Starsky and Hutch .
His best known works are The Martian Chronicles and Fahrenheit 451 .
His birth name was either Mahesh Verma Shrivastava or Mahesh Prasad Varma .
His body may have got rid of the bacteria without help .
His body was never found .
His body was sent back to Mull for burial .
His body was taken to Sydney .
His book talked about what people today can maybe learn from the studying the problems from history .
His book was later made into a documentary film .
His books are written in a special style .
His books were translated into more than 20 languages .
His brother Harry also played professional hockey .
His brother was Tiny Thompson .
His brushstrokes are clearly recognizable .
His capital was called Agade in the Akkadian language .
His career as a player began in 1949 and ended in 1974 .
His career started during the early 1980s as a location manager and later advanced to a producer and executive producer .
His catastrophism was an explanation for the regular changes in species seen in the rock strata .
His cathedral was dedicated in 1077 .
His cello teacher was Julius Goltermann .
His character and skills challenged the usual basis of segregation .
His claim was most fervently accepted by the Muslims of British India .
His class was restless and irritable because they had to stay inside in the winter .
His company is named Studio Ghibli .
His conservative opponents became angry with him .
His crazy wife had put his house on fire and died in it .
His daughter Laurel was well known for playing the viola in many Orchestras .
His daughter Lyudmila is a pianist .
His death led to riots in many cities .
His debut race was at the British Grand Prix where he qualified on the back row .
His devotion shows how sinful David is .
His directorial debut was Populi Morituri in which he also starred .
His discovery of extrasolar planet become famous .
His dreams of becoming a composer began when he was young .
His dynasty controlled Mesopotamia for around a century and a half .
His early life is a mystery .
His family still own part of the paper today .
His family was Coptic Christian .
His family was Jewish but did not keep Jewish laws .
His family was Roman Catholic .
His family welcomed him back .
His family were musical .
His famous Mass Assumpta Est Maria has survived .
His famous music for the film The Bridge on the River Kwai was composed in ten days .
His father Raymond Belle was a great fireman .
His father also died on January 19 1905 .
His father and mother were James Madison Sr. and Nellie Conway .
His father and mother were music teachers who played various instruments with his father primarily playing the trumpet .
His father died at age 16 .
His father died fighting in the war .
His father died from a car accident in Africa .
His father died two years later .
His father had a small farm at Oskamull on Mull .
His father had learned the violin with the famous teacher Leopold Auer .
His father is a television weatherman and his mother is a travel agent .
His father is the king of the cosmos .
His father made musical instruments and played in a band .
His father served in World War II so Shearston and his mother lived with his grandparents at Tenterfield .
His father was Debendranath Tagore and his mother was Sarada Devi .
His father was Nathaniel Gorham and his mother was Mary Soley .
His father was Olav V of Norway .
His father was a Cantor in two synagogues .
His father was a Christian minister .
His father was a Unitarian minister .
His father was a black foreign student from Kenya and his mother was a white woman from Kansas .
His father was a chazan to the Jewish congregation at Keszthely .
His father was a church organist .
His father was a doctor and his mother was a teacher .
His father was a former Indian national rally champion .
His father was a math teacher .
His father was a member of the national basketball team and his older sister is a member of the national basketball team .
His father was a military officer .
His father was a pianist and often played at local music gatherings .
His father was a rector .
His father was a shipowner .
His father was a skilled sawmill worker from Arkansas .
His father was a village schoolteacher .
His father was also a civil rights leader .
His father was an Anglican clergyman .
His father was an almond dealer .
His father was an engineer .
His father was one of the first of those Sheffield merchants who went to the United States to establish trade connections .
His father was the first oboist of the Novosibirsk Philharmonic Symphony Orchestra .
His father was the organist at the local church .
His father worked in a gold mine by the River Inambari .
His feast day was historically kept on August 3 .
His first F1 race was the the Australian Grand Prix .
His first acting role was as a robot in a school play .
His first album I Created Disco was released on 18 June 2007 .
His first game was the Nintendo Entertainment System video game Devil World .
His first important success was on the NBC television show Late Night with David Letterman .
His first international match was against England on 19 November 2008 .
His first marriage was to his first cousin Sajida Talfah .
His first movie released in 2006 is Rang De Basanti .
His first overseas posting was to New Delhi .
His first race was the Australian Grand Prix .
His first speech in the parliament was very successful and he was seen as a possible leader of the Labor Party .
His first stories were accepted for publication .
His first success was with Matthew Kaufman .
His first taught in a first grade classroom in Sampson County .
His followers became known as Hussites .
His followers believed that he was a saint or satguru .
His followers consider him a messenger of God .
His foster brother ran to Halimah and told her that Muhammad has been murdered .
His founding of Facebook was portrayed in the movie The Social Network .
His friend Hermione is mad that Harry is getting credit for information that he does not really know .
His friends got enough money together to help him go to France to study at the Paris Conservatoire .
His friends looked after him until he died .
His frottole are very lively and full of fun .
His funeral was attended by a full group of the Orange Order .
His funeral was broadcast live on British national television and he was buried in Westminster Cathedral .
His good performance that year proved the Sauber decision right .
His government could not stop the effects of the Depression .
His government stopped some of the changes made by the Whitlam government .
His government suffered a big defeat at the December 1931 election .
His grandfather taught him to make wax figurines .
His grandfather was in the first team of the new founded SGA Sirnitz and his sister is playing in the womansquad of the club .
His grandmother died just before Obama won the election to become President .
His grave is now looked after by the National Trust of Australia .
His head was forced to the side as he could not break his fall with his arms .
His health became poor .
His health was bad .
His height was 2.18 m in middle school when he won the championship .
His height was his most notable feature .
His highest charting studio album was Nothing But A Dream which got to Number 7 in 2001 .
His hopes to become a missionary were dashed when a civil war started in the country where he went on a mission .
His hopes were dashed when his colleague Constantius died at York in 306 and the legions elevated his son Constantine to the position of Augustus .
His idea was that adults needed to stretch their neck to reach leaves from high branches .
His ideas are called Marxism .
His illegitimate son Samuel Sebastian Wesley was the greatest English composer of church music of the 19th century .
His is best known for playing the part of Spike on Buffy the Vampire Slayer .
His is the older brother of Jeff Hardy .
His job is to tell the players on the team what to do and make decisions about how the team should play like who will play in what position .
His journey over the mountains is one of the most famous achievements of any military force .
His junior club was Marconi Stallions .
His kind of psychology was called analytical psychology or Jungian Analysis .
His kingdom will have no end .
His last match was an October 2005 World Cup qualifying match against Northern Ireland .
His last name is never in the comic .
His last two films were the best of his career .
His left hand holds a precious jewel in his lap .
His longtime band was called The Playboys .
His main conducting teacher was Ilya Musin who was one of the greatest conductors and teachers of conducting in Russian musical history .
His main student and successor to his lineage is Milarepa .
His major contribution is in developing the modern form of the steam engine .
His mandala is yellow and is in the southern direction .
His many poems and songs are parts of his novels and stories .
His masterpieces are the great albums of railway constructions and the great panoramic views of the city of Rio de Janeiro and its quick development .
His military rank at the time was Junior Lieutenant .
His most famous and once only seen force ability is force lightning seen in the last episode Return of the Jedi which is forked to spread the damage even further and is blueish purple .
His most famous book is The Discovery of Heaven .
His most famous book is called The Da Vinci Code .
His most famous book was The Call of the Wild .
His most famous book was the Communist Manifesto .
His most famous music is his Te Deum .
His most famous play is Waiting For Godot .
His most famous was Unholy Tales in 1932 .
His most famous work is Classical Gas .
His most famous work is his Requiem .
His most famous work is his essay The Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism .
His most popular works was his ballet Harnasie and opera King Roger .
His most recent role is as a lead character in the TV series Swingtown .
His mother Karen was a fourth degree black belt and his father Ryozo was a eighth degree black belt .
His mother died of cancer .
His mother died when he was about 2 years old and his father remarried .
His mother had a nice contralto voice .
His mother often took him to museums and Egyptian history later became a major theme in many of his books .
His mother tried to earn some money by sewing .
His mother was Hannah .
His mother was a gypsy and his father a man named Fuller .
His mother was a talented pianist who taught at the Royal Academy of Music .
His mother was called Lucy Ramberg .
His mother was put in a sanatorium in 1933 where she died in 1942 .
His mother was the only piano teacher he ever had .
His motionless body was allowed to dangle on the rope for about 10 minutes .
His motto is Mundus Vult Decipi .
His music always sounds English .
His music can be divided into three phases .
His music during this phase resulted in many of his best known compositions .
His music has been recorded on several CDs .
His music is often inspired by jazz .
His music is quite complicated and modern in style .
His music was different from the Romantic music that other composers were writing at that time .
His music was not only listened to by fans of classical music but was also becoming part of popular youth culture .
His musical career began at age 10 .
His name was Charles Tournemire .
His name was Claudio Monteverdi .
His name was Walter Burley Griffin .
His name was originally written as Robindronath Thakur .
His neighbor persists in asking until he changes his mind .
His newest album is called Surprise .
His next job was in Antwerp where he worked from 1492 to 1498 .
His nickname is Wolfie referring to his hairy face and the fact that he likes wolves .
His nickname was Jack the Dripper !
His novel Sayonara is autobiographical .
His obituary provides extensive information on the topics mentioned here .
His office was very successful and he earned a small fortune in a few years .
His older brother Akihiro is a former footballer .
His older brother became a painter and moved to Florence to the workshop of a painter called Bicci di Lorenzo .
His one weakness as a player was his time trouble .
His opera Anna Bolena made him internationally famous .
His opera Maria Stuarda was based on a play by Schiller .
His opera Zoraida di Granata was very successful in Rome and he was given a contract for an opera for Naples .
His operatic cycle Licht was started in 1977 and took him 26 years to complete .
His opium addiction may have left Coleridge unable to tell when he was repeating the work of other writers that he had read .
His orchestral works mostly consist of incidental music .
His original idea in writing Fahrenheit 451 was to show his great love for books and libraries .
His paintings are very realistic and often portray heroes from Ancient Greece and Rome .
His paper was printed in a French translation in 1899 .
His parents are Jennifer Lash and Mark Fiennes .
His parents did not want him to be a musician and sent him to study philosophy at Bonn University .
His parents died in from being sick when he was 12 .
His parents had come to the United States from eastern Europe .
His parents moved to the United States when he was a small child .
His parents moved with him to Teignmouth in Devon when he was just a couple of years old .
His parents separated and were later divorced in 1907 .
His parents taught him to be proud of being black at a time when white people treated black people badly .
His parents were James Nathaniel Hughes and Carrie Langston Hughes who was a teacher .
His parents were Peter and Lorraine Aykroyd .
His parents were William Wilson and Alison Landall .
His parents were both Russian Jews who came to the U.S for a better life .
His parents were both from Scotland .
His parents were called Winton Dean and Mildred Wilson .
His parents were musicians .
His parents were not married .
His personal life is also widely reported and he has been a large pop culture icon for nearly two decades .
His piano compositions are influenced by Liszt .
His plan was successful at first and he crossed the Belgian border before Wellington and Blucher could join forces .
His playing career spanned 26 years as a central defender or midfielder .
His poems are collected in Divan e Hafez .
His poems are collected in a Divan .
His poems are collected in a Diwan .
His poems are collected in a diwan .
His poetry and stories have been translated into more than 150 languages .
His poetry has lots of symbols which are used by other homosexual writers .
His policies were not liked .
His popularity in France declined in the 1870s after the fall of the Second Empire .
His portable computer weighed 24 pounds .
His position is that of Associate Justice .
His powers live in his hidden name .
His production concentrated on showing how the Ring was about the 19th century working class being used by the wealthy capitalists .
His professional career started with SK Sturm Graz .
His program began on NBC Television in 1956 .
His publishers did not pay him much money for his compositions .
His punishment when dead in the Tartaros of the Underworld was much worse .
His real name is David Robert Jones .
His real name is Vasil Ivanov Kuncev and Levski was his nickname .
His real name was Masaoka Tsunenori .
His recordings of Parsifal are very good indeed .
His remains are now in a church there .
His response inspired her to enter an art contest .
His results in the Russian premier league had been exceptional .
His rule was important because it was the first time England and Scotland had agreed to have the same monarch .
His sayings are called Goldwynisms .
His second for Take Me Back .
His second marriage was not as successful as his first .
His skating partner and fiancee is Albena Denkova .
His skills may have been helped by handling the ball on the dirt courts of his hometown .
His son Jake Busey is also an actor .
His son King Charles I set up the Baronetage of Scotland and Nova Scotia in 1625 .
His son Pirooz and many others went into exile in China .
His son asked him to build it .
His song Sydney Town hit the Top 10 in his home city .
His sons took part in the adventures of the Calypso .
His stage name was Giovanni Sarrasani .
His students included Gillian Weir and Trevor Pinnock .
His teacher told his father that Crockett was not at school .
His teachers there included Sir Hubert Parry and Sir Charles Villiers Stanford .
His team was Toyota F1 .
His team withdrew Cavendish from the Tour of Romandie after he made an offensive gesture after winning the second stage .
His teammates also laughed at him .
His television show was broadcast from 1950 to 1965 .
His theories influenced Western medical science for over a thousand years .
His theory was disputed by other scientists and greeted with skepticism at the time .
His theory was that it is easier to then adjust to a slower curveball .
His tomb was cut into a rock face near Persepolis .
His twin brother Luigi was first seen in 1983 in Mario Bros. .
His two worst injuries occurred during the making of Armour of God and Police Story .
His usual way of killing was using morphine .
His vice president Calvin Coolidge became president after he died .
His viewpoint completely changed by his experiences .
His visit to Australia in 1893 led to the first meeting of British colonies and territories .
His visit to Iran was as a personal guest of Shah Reza Shah Pahlavi of Iran .
His weapon is a skewer covered with pieces of roast meat .
His welcome was very mixed .
His widow took directorship .
His wife Margaret died three days later .
His wife Stephanie zu Guttenberg is a member of the Bismarck family .
His wife Valerie attempted to pay back the borrowed option money to Margaret Scott but by the time the settlement came through Mrs. Scott had fallen from a New York apartment window to her death .
His wife made him take antibiotics immediately so there was no way of checking the negative result again .
His wife plays the viola .
His wife said he was cruel and she tried to divorce him .
His wife was Bess Wallace Truman .
His wife was called Lil .
His work has been shown in gallery presentations in New york U.S. and in Europe .
His work has spanned genres from serious Shakespearean and modern theater to popular fantasy and science fiction movies .
His work helped the transition from the 19th century idea of art to the very different world of art in the 20th century .
His work in these fields is also important .
His work increased international attention to Chinese culture and history .
His work was on the communication and senses of the European honey bee .
His works include an opera cycle Licht which consists of seven operas .
His writing career began during World War II .
His writings greatly influenced Bengali culture during the late 19th century and early 20th century .
His writings often have moral messages and deep psychological complexity .
His younger son Calvin Jr. died at 16 while playing tennis at the White House .
Hissing noises come from the fiery orb .
Historians and Geneticists currently do not know where the Maltese people came from .
Historians generally consider him one of the worst presidents due to his lack of political skill .
Historians have had difficulty calculating the number of victims at Jasenovac .
Historians of Sri Lanka say that Tamil people reached Sri Lanka only after 7th century during the invasions of the Chola dynasty .
Historians say he led the change of New South Wales from a penal colony to a free settlement .
Historians think that Babe was not created until the 20th century for advertising .
Historical attitudes towards oats are very different .
Historical natron was harvested as a salt mixture from dry lake beds in Ancient Egypt and has been used for thousands of years as cleaning .
Historical records tell about Pallavas from the 3rd century .
Historical statistical analysis indicates Robinson was an outstanding fielder throughout his ten years in the major leagues and at almost every position he played .
Historically there have also been negative consequences .
Historiography is the study of historians and their work .
History Nagar was an autonomous principality in close association with neighbouring Hunza .
Hitler and Stalin sent in large numbers of soldiers .
Hitler authorized another one on April 29th to break out May 1st .
Hitler continued on and took over France in the Battle of France .
Hitler still demanded that Hindenburg give him the Chancellorship .
Hitler was enraged by this press release .
Hitler was leader at the time .
Hitler was there in 1924 after being found guilty of treason for his part in the Beer Hall Putsch .
Hitler was unhappy and furious with the failure of the Battle and demanded that Britain be taken over one way or another .
Hobbes also likes to surprise Calvin .
Hobbes is much more alert and aware of the bad things that can happen than Calvin is .
Hockey is a game based on this sport .
Hogwarts holds a funeral for Dumbledore .
Hoji is said to have haunted this stone in the Japanese prefecture of Nasu until a Buddhist priest called Genno stopped for a rest near the stone and was threatened by Hoji .
Hokkaido is the island north of Honshu .
Holloway graduated with honors from Mountain Brook High School .
Hollywood and Bollywood movies are usually considered mainstream and also blockbusters .
Holmes continued to fight until 2002 .
Holmes later fought Mike Tyson and then Evander Holyfield to try and win back the championship .
Holmes won the vacant World Boxing Council championship from Ken Norton in 1979 .
Home plate has five sides .
Homosexual people were sent to Concentration Camps in Nazi Germany .
Honda used the circuit as a test track .
Honeybees have right antennas that are more sensitive to smells .
Hooker was a botanist .
Hope Harris is an American actress from Virginia .
Hope has a positive connotation .
Hope is thus preserved as a benefit for humans .
Hopefully one of the good things to come from all of that work is there will be better ways to make sure people know about the warming centers .
Hospitality and beautiful handcrafts are good characteristics of this place .
Hot air rises .
Hot water made them turn back .
Hot water systems can also be combined with solar thermal energy to make them more environmentally friendly .
Hot water systems can also be run in reverse by running cold water through the pipes to cool the building .
Hotels including Yas Marina Hotel .
Houdini also appeared in several early films and made many early ascents in aeroplanes .
Houdini performed the escape for the rest of his career .
House cats have also been known to teach themselves to use doorknobs and toilet handles .
Houses were damaged but the death toll was very low .
How can they catch me now .
How much water reaches the lake depends on how rain falls in Queensland .
How people make maps is always changing .
How the pictures look is changed by the gadolinium compounds and how much water is around .
How to Marry a Millionaire was a comedy about three models how made a plan to attract a husband who had a lot of money .
However Sheikh Mujibur Rahman was assassinated in 1975 and army chief Ziaur Rahman seized power .
However a few minority groups exist .
However a few seconds of the footage can be seen in the various DVD menus .
However after falling into administration in 2002 the council purchased the main Oakwell Stadium .
However creeks have carved deep gorges in the escarpment in which tall monsoon forests grow .
However his brothers turned him away and after living some time in a hotel he was taken in by his brother Pietrantonio .
However if the treaty is going to change the law then a separate act of parliament is needed .
However in the opening match Triple H defeated him for the title .
However it is around that time that the town lost a lot of influence .
However many menus still call a stuffed Bell Pepper a Mango .
However nationalism can be a part of bigger political ideology or agenda that can be leftist or rightist or something outside that classification .
However nationalists think that the end of colonialization of Africa was not done well .
However several lifts are available .
However some basic study is also important .
However some people still claim such titles .
However the Jamaat were unable to stop Bangladesh becoming independent of Pakistan .
However the packaging used by super markets using sealed plastic bags under some pressure .
However the popularity of the daguerreotype was short lived as other cheaper processes were invented .
However the teachings of all these Kagyu schools is essentially the same .
However the three remaining Daleks rebelled and destroyed him .
However these were activated remotely by a defender lighting a very fast burning fuse at the appropriate moment .
However they had no children .
However they may reach 50 years before the first production .
However this probably includes the neighbouring farms as well .
Howie has also performed in various Nickelodeon productions and other movies .
Howitzers and mortars are similar to cannons but they shoot cannonballs higher .
Hubay and Popper often played piano trios with Johannes Brahms .
Hudgens has won many awards and been nominated since High School Musical .
Hughes became a member of the National Institute of Arts and Letters in 1961 .
Hughes could not understand how his father felt .
Hughes graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1929 and became a Doctor of Letters in 1943 .
Hughes thought that men who had very dark skin were particularly beautiful .
Hughes wanted to go to university in the US .
Hughes was one of the writers and artists whose work was called the Harlem Renaissance .
Hughes won a gold medal during the 2002 Winter Olympics .
Human eyes more easily see green than any other color .
Human presences on the island seem to have existed since the middle of the 3rd millennium B.C. .
Humans also use language for thinking .
Humans can do bad things and good things .
Humans get tattoos in businesses called tattoo parlors .
Humans have lived in Bahrain before there was writing .
Humans have made major changes in the area during the 19th and 20th century .
Humans passing through patches where the above are present .
Hume and Hovell received grants of 1200 a of land as a reward .
Hume had to sell his land to pay for the cost of the journey .
Hume joined the Benedictine monastery at Ampleforth Abbey in North Yorkshire at the age of 18 .
Hume later worked as a magistrate until his death at Yass on 19 April 1873 .
Hume was able to talk with some aborigines who agreed to help them on the journey .
Hume was also skeptical about religion .
Hume was elevated to the cardinalate in 1976 .
Humidity is relatively low and rain is unusual .
Humour is also an important part of Lancashire life .
Hundreds of enzymes thus require magnesium ions to function .
Hundreds of extra kamikaze planes were ready to defend Japan from the final invasion .
Hung Xiuquan was a clever student .
Hung committed suicide in June 1864 .
Hung left them and decided to make his own cult .
Hung wanted to know more about Christianity .
Hungarian Karoly Takacs competed in shooting events in both the 1948 and 1952 Summer Olympics .
Hunt returned to win the second Japanese Grand Prix .
Hunting crocodiles is now illegal .
Hunting is not allowed in Kakadu National Park .
Hunting is yet another unique aspect of salamanders .
Hunza was previously under the domination of Nagar and collectively called Buroshall and their capital was Capal Dongs .
Hurricane Mitch caused further destructions in 1998 .
Huts are found built in straight rows .
Hutton hit on a variety of ideas to explain the rock strata he saw around him .
Huxley compares these remains with existing human races .
Huxley was an anatomist .
Hwanin noticed that and let Hwanung go down to the human world with three amulets .
Hyde Road did not have room for expansion and had been damaged by fire in 1920 .
Hydrocarbons are molecules with carbon and hydrogen .
Hydrocarbons are organic chemical compounds which contain only hydrogen and carbon .
Hypotheses are be explained and tested only by reference to natural causes and events .
I acknowledge one baptism for the forgiveness of sins .
I am Marilyn Monroe .
I am down on whores and I shant quit ripping them till I do get buckled .
I am not going on this mission for the Emperor or for the Empire ... I am going because I was ordered to .
I did .
I expect the resurrection of the dead .
I gave the lady no time to squeal .
I have laughed when they look so clever and talk about being on the right track .
I hope that this testament will be examined fairly and objectively .
I just would like to know how the empress calmed down her father confessor ?
I love my work and want to start again .
I may send you the bloody knife that i took it out with if you only wait a while longer .
I need the resistance of a hard surface .
I never thought the heart of a father was so tender towards his children .
I now live in my work and in a few relationships with the few people I can really count on .
I prefer to tack the unstretched canvas to the hard wall or the floor .
I saved some of the proper red stuff in a ginger beer bottle over the last job to write with but it went thick like glue and I cant use it .
I try to let it come through .
I. vii is the last scene in Act I. Macbeth is talking to himself about why it is wrong to kill the king .
II .
III .
Iain Duncan Smith was the first leader of the Conservative Party to have been Roman Catholic and was the first to have been born in Scotland since Arthur Balfour .
Iam Fleming was a British author best known for writing the James Bond stories .
Iambe created the iambic pentameter verse pattern in poetry .
Iambe was the goddess of rhyme and merriment in Greek mythology .
Ian Beale is a fictional character in EastEnders .
Ian Gillan is the lead singer for the heavy metal band Deep Purple .
Ian McDiarmid is a Scottish theater actor and director .
Ian Ure is a former football player .
Ian Wright is a former football player .
Ian is the son of Pete and Kathy Beale .
Iapetus is a large moon of Saturn .
Iapetus is unusual in that one side is very bright and the other side is very dark .
Ibrahim Lodi was reported to have one hundred thousand men and one hundred elephants .
Icarus fell into the ocean and drowned .
Iceland is the only country in Europe without DST .
Ichthyophis is oviparous and is also known to show maternal care .
Ideally no ground tea should remain on the sides of the bowl .
Ideas about paleolithic nutrition come from evolutionary biology .
Ideas in category theory are written down in formulas or diagrams .
Ideas to extend it were stopped because of the cost of the Korean War and rearmament .
If California was a separate country it would have the sixth largest economy in the world .
If God did not exist it would make no difference .
If Washington DC in the USA ever becomes a state the Mayor of Washington DC would be the Governor .
If a cell gets more calcium ion than it needs it can die .
If a laser is strong enough it can melt metal and burn skin and eyes .
If a parachute is not packed properly it can result in death because the main parachute might fail to deploy correctly or fully .
If a ship is too big to go through the Panama Canal it has to go around South America .
If anything his time at the Department of Foreign Affairs helped him to achieve the leadership of the party .
If funding can be obtained then there may be more extensions to the system .
If it applies for protection by law it may then be bankrupt .
If most animals are immune they can not get the disease .
If most children do not get mumps children who do not get the mumps vaccine are also safe .
If one business ends up losing money they both share the loss .
If scientists can find this it will help show that the Standard Model is right and show what the universe is made of .
If she was far away the Egyptians mood be miserable .
If someone takes very much of a drug at once it is called an overdose .
If that age is not specified it is usually the age of consent .
If that chancellor needed any laws he could use article 48 .
If the Germans had won the battle then they would also have been able to control the Caucasus area of Russia which had a lot of oil .
If the Taoiseach resigns all members of the government are said to have resigned as well .
If the bile is stopped from entering the intestines there is an increase in gases and other products .
If the gods no longer have these golden apples they will grow old and die .
If the item is returned in good condition at the end of the tenancy the owner should return the deposit .
If the page up of page down key is pressed together with the shift key it will highlight all the text .
If the space is wide enough for two cars he can drive forwards into the space instead of reversing in .
If the star fruit is overripe it will be yellow with brown spots .
If the temperature is between 32 and 33 degrees the babies will be male .
If the temperature is low enough the gas can condense and turn into a liquid .
If there was no air restance in parachutes people would injur themseves but they have got air restistance so people are safer .
If they are found by any of the players the gameplay changes in some way .
If they do not get it then they will keep Freia forever .
If they do not like chewing you will have to cut their top teeth .
If they had their supporters would most likely have voted for the SPD and Hindenburg may not have won .
If two armies fight many battles over period of time it is called a war .
If we have extra calcium it goes into bones .
If we weigh an object with sensitive equipment we will get minutely different results .
If you KO a legendary it will usually leave and will never be found again unless the game is restarted .
If you press the caps lock button it remains in uppercase letters until you press it again .
Iftikhar Nazir and Member of Punjab Assembly for Jahanian is Mukhdoom Shah Mehmood Qureshi .
Igusa blooms from May through June .
Igusa have a good smell .
Igusa is a perennial plant of the family of igusa .
Illegitimate are not listed .
Illness prevented her from working for the remainder of the year .
Imagine a person wanted to look inside cars .
Immunization can happen from vaccination .
Immunization is when a persons immune system learns to fight an infection .
Immunology is the study of how the human body helps to fight pathogens and deal with infections .
Imola is near the Apennine mountains in Italy .
Imperialism tries to make big nations that have many ethnic groups .
Important battles were fought at Ticonderoga in 1758 and 1777 .
Improved communication through free movement of goods and passengers both within Bangladesh and from neighboring countries like India and Nepal will be facilitated greatly .
Impulse turbines are most often used in very high head applications .
Impulse turbines change the velocity of a water jet .
In 1 May 1977 in Labor Day celebration there were more than 500.000 people in the square .
In 1083 Spain was ruled again by Spaniards .
In 1145 open challenge to Catholic dominance began .
In 1166 the Council of Oxford in England wiped out the English Cathars .
In 1222 the second university of Italy was founded in Padua .
In 1236 the name of Babenhausen was written down in a document for the first time .
In 1273 the counts of Kyburg died out .
In 1282 the first watermark was introduced in Bologna .
In 1371 David died in Edinburgh Castle .
In 1377 the French landed on the island but the castle was not attacked .
In 1415 Bern invaded lower Aargau with the help of Solothurn .
In 1425 Uccello went to the city of Venice where he lived and worked for several years .
In 1436 he was back in Florence to do some important jobs for Florence Cathedral .
In 1440 his body was brought home to Florence and buried at Santa Maria del Carmine but no monument was put up in his honor .
In 1453 Constantinople falls to the Ottomans
In 146 BC .
In 1469 Paolo wrote on his tax assessment that he was too old to work any more and that his wife was ill. .
In 1470 he opened his own independent studio .
In 1508 Raphael was called to Rome by Pope Julius II .
In 1512 he became a doctor of theology in Wittenberg and began his lectures on the Psalms and Letters of Paul .
In 1525 Babur set out to attack and conquer India .
In 1534 he reached Newfoundland and explored coast of Labrador .
In 1541 Henry VIII declared the Kingdom of Ireland .
In 1541 the Spanish explorer Coranado traveled in to Kansas while in search of the Lost City of Gold .
In 1561 Felipe I moved the royal court from Toledo to Madrid .
In 1571 he married Catalina de Espinosa .
In 1594 Gesualdo went to the town of Ferrara which was famous for music which was being composed by modern composers experimenting with new ideas .
In 16.92 square kilometres there are about 400 factories and laboratories .
In 1607 he started writing operas and his operas are often performed today .
In 1617 in town the Jesuits founded the University .
In 1619 the Dutch renamed the city Batavia .
In 1623 Jan Carstenz made his way west across the Gulf of Carpentaria to what is believed to be Groote Eylandt .
In 1651 he was asked to undertake the command of the initial Dutch settlement in the future South Africa .
In 1683 he was given a royal pension .
In 1729 she was married to the son of John V of Portugal .
In 1734 a painter called Antonio Pillori cleaned the frescoes .
In 1770 the writer Edward Hasted said not many persons go to Hartley .
In 1778 he acquired got degree of candidatus juris .
In 1781 he became a Lieutenant and went to Jamaica for three years .
In 1783 Balvi was called village .
In 1792 the eastern half of Caswell County was made into Person County .
In 1795 Macquarie was fighting the Dutch on Ceylon .
In 1796 it was occupied for a short time by Horatio Nelson .
In 1798 her father married his fourth wife .
In 1800 he became the military secretary to the Governor of Bombay .
In 1801 the family went back to Salzburg and Weber had more lessons from Michael Haydn .
In 1802 she left Drury Lane .
In 1802 their family traveled abroad .
In 1804 most of the Northern states of America banned slavery and wished the Southern states to do the same .
In 1819 Francois Constantinin became the partner of Vacheron .
In 1821 the Yass area was discovered by the European explorer Hamilton Hume .
In 1824 he went back to house on Mull .
In 1826 he traveled to England where he finished composing Oberon and conducted its first performance on 12 April .
In 1828 Charles Sturt proved that Macquarie River ended in marshes .
In 1828 he married .
In 1830 a small village began .
In 1833 Nawab Mohammad Bahawal Khan III signed an agreement with the British guaranteeing the independence of the Nawab from the British .
In 1835 Major Thomas Mitchell traveled the whole length of the Darling .
In 1835 he moved to Exeter Cathedral .
In 1838 Thomas Icely asked that a village be started to supply items for his big farm .
In 1838 he moved to Paris where he had his operas performed in four theaters .
In 1839 he was again convicted of stealing and sent to prison for 7 years .
In 1839 smallpox killed many of the people who lived in the area .
In 1841 there were 224 persons living in Hartley .
In 1844 Thomas Hood wrote the poem The Bridge of Sighs about the suicide of a prostitute there .
In 1844 Uriah A. Boyden developed an outward flow turbine that improved on the performance of the Fourneyron turbine .
In 1846 he became Court Pianist for King Christian VIII in Copenhagen .
In 1847 he started studying mathematics at the University of Edinburgh .
In 1850 Maxwell changed to Trinity College at the University of Cambridge .
In 1851 he became a professor at the Cologne Conservatory .
In 1851 he went to Weimar to study the piano with Liszt .
In 1856 Britain gave the colony the right to govern itself .
In 1858 he published some duets for harmonium and piano and he used the money to buy a telescope .
In 1861 the outbreak of the American Civil War cut off supplies of cotton to the mills of the north west of England .
In 1864 he became the Hofkapellmeister in Munich .
In 1865 he held up a farm at Mohanga .
In 1865 his company earmarked money for the construction of a narrow gauge railway connecting the quarry with the port of Aberdyfi .
In 1866 Sultan Seyyid Majid of Zanzibar gave it its current name .
In 1870 the river flooded .
In 1873 the town was renamed to Parkes in honor of Sir Henry Parkes .
In 1876 Tchaikovsky had decided to marry .
In 1878 he became Minister of Customs .
In 1879 the vaccine for cholera was found .
In 1883 electric lights were put in .
In 1883 he got a scholarship to study at the Royal College of Music which had only just been founded .
In 1884 some wealthy people in Odense paid for him to go to the Conservatory in Copenhagen .
In 1886 Popper married for the second time .
In 1887 he conducted his overture The Land of the Mountain and the Flood at the Crystal Palace .
In 1887 the school moved to Birmingham .
In 1889 he entered the Paris Conservatoire .
In 1889 it was raised by the Catholic Church to the double rite of first class .
In 1889 the pizza Margherita was named after her .
In 1890 Manitoba stopped giving money to Catholic schools .
In 1892 he became Minister of Militia and Defense .
In 1893 it was arranged for brass band by Thomas Bulch .
In 1895 the North Carolina Legislature appointed Dudley to the Board of Trustees for the College .
In 1896 the first modern Olympics was held .
In 1897 Wilhelm II ordered that it was rebuilt .
In 1898 .
In 1899 he married Jessie Walmisley who had been a student with him at the RCM .
In 1899 his luck changed when he met his manager Martin Beck .
In 190 BC he was placed in command of a Phoenician fleet but was defeated in a battle off the Eurymedon River .
In 1900 he went to London where he was soon known as a composer and an excellent piano accompanist .
In 1900 there were 46 steamboats on the river .
In 1901 the Danish government paid him money every year so that he did not have to teach and could spend his time composing .
In 1902 Reger married .
In 1904 he married the singer Agnes Nicholls .
In 1905 he became director of the conservatoire .
In 1905 he toured Russia .
In 1907 he became professor of composition at the University of Leipzig .
In 1909 the Ballets Russes visited Paris .
In 1912 the church finished working on the new main hall .
In 1913 the Ballets Russes toured South America .
In 1914 Casals married the American singer Susan Metcalfe .
In 1914 Malevich exhibited his works in the Salon des Independants in Paris .
In 1915 he wrote El amor brujo .
In 1915 the southern part of Palm Beach County became Broward County .
In 1916 he became ill with dysentery .
In 1917 the northwest part of the county became Okeechobee County .
In 1919 He married Elizabeth Virginia Wallace .
In 1919 he went back to Barcelona .
In 1920 he gave a series of concerts in the Paris Conservatoire in which he played all the organ works by Johann Sebastian Bach from memory .
In 1920 the school joined the Southern Association of Colleges and in 1927 it added its pharmacy school .
In 1921 it changed its name to the National Football League .
In 1921 the lower part of the county was carved off to create Dixie County .
In 1922 Harry was elected county judge .
In 1922 Sears started selling razors to women and the ability for them to remove unwanted hair began .
In 1923 he left for the United States .
In 1923 he moved to Cusco and opened a studio there .
In 1924 the Indian spiritual teacher Meher Baba designed a rainbow flag .
In 1925 Milhaud married an actress called Madeleine .
In 1925 he got a job as an assistant to Carter G. Woodson who worked with the Association for the Study of African American Life and History .
In 1925 the northern part of the county became Martin County .
In 1926 Balvi obtained the right of a hamlet and in 1928 the rights of a town .
In 1928 Arnold married Arnold Liesl Joeres .
In 1928 he found the Dirac equation and he found out that spin in quantum mechanics is an effect of relativity .
In 1931 he moved to Hamburg .
In 1932 he started to become ill. .
In 1933 he won the Nobel Prize for Physics .
In 1933 his remains were taken back to Montreal where they were buried in the cemetery .
In 1934 He was elected Senator of Missouri .
In 1938 Malcolm Arnold went to the Royal College of Music to study composition with Gordon Jacob .
In 1938 he became a victim of Stalinism .
In 1938 he wrote a famous piece called Serenade to Music for 16 solo singers and orchestra .
In 1940 he had to emigrate to the United States because the Nazis were arresting Jewish musicians .
In 1941 they became officially protected .
In 1942 the music director of the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra asked 18 composers to write music expressing love for America .
In 1943 got the very important job of conductor at the Vienna State Opera eventually becoming music director .
In 1945 four young players formed a string quartet called the Moscow Conservatoire Quartet .
In 1945 he gave a broadcast at the BBC and spoke to his people in Catalonia .
In 1946 he started the London Bach Society .
In 1946 the occupying powers agreed to put strict limits on how quickly Germany could reindustrialize .
In 1948 Harry Truman ran for a second term as President against Thomas Dewey .
In 1948 these new yuan could be swapped by a Gold Yuan .
In 1950 he continued his career as conductor and cellist at the Prades Festival in Conflent .
In 1950 he followed Sir Adrian Boult as conductor of the BBC Symphony Orchestra .
In 1950s the polio vaccine was developed .
In 1952 Birtwistle entered the Royal Manchester College of Music in Manchester on a clarinet scholarship .
In 1952 she won an important competition singing a song by Rachmaninoff and an aria by Verdi .
In 1953 uranium was discovered in the the South Alligator River valley .
In 1954 he went to a political meeting which made him want to go into politics .
In 1955 Barenboim studied harmony and composition with Nadia Boulanger in Paris .
In 1955 he joined the CDU .
In 1957 a musical festival was started there in the town of San Juan .
In 1957 he played in New York with Leopold Stokowski conducting .
In 1958 it became a safari camp for tourists .
In 1959 it was changed into a cinema .
In 1960 she became the main soloist of the Rhodopa State Ensemble for Folk Songs and Dances .
In 1961 Levin married Barbara Halpern .
In 1962 Albert .
In 1962 Shearston signed a recording contract with Leedon .
In 1962 he moved to the newly built MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology in Cambridge .
In 1963 a law was passed to save the old medieval city centres .
In 1964 he became an assistant attorney general for Michigan .
In 1965 he got a Harkness Fellowship which gave him the opportunity to study composition in the United States .
In 1967 he conducted the Philharmonia Orchestra .
In 1968 he played the role of Joshua Bolt on the television comedy Here Come the Brides .
In 1969 he became a member of the Detroit city council .
In 1969 his party formed a new coalition with the Social Democrats .
In 1969 the Lake Superior agate was picked by the Minnesota Legislature as the official state gemstone .
In 1970 a movement to make Nevis separate from St Kitts started .
In 1970 the National Football League and the American Football League joined together so that the teams from each league could play each other .
In 1970s a project was started to create a bridge across the lake .
In 1972 Carstens was elected into the Bundestag .
In 1972 he went back to England and recorded some songs for the album Dingo .
In 1972 the bunker was set on fire .
In 1973 Taito made Pro Hockey and Soccer video games as well as Elepong .
In 1973 he joined the faculty at the University of Utah .
In 1974 Lake Eyre was 6 m deep .
In 1975 UPI added a Defensive Player of the Year Award for both the NFC and AFC .
In 1975 he was honored for his lifetime achievement by Radio Free Europe .
In 1975 she married Derek Bryceson .
In 1976 Saddam was appointed as a general in the Iraqi army .
In 1977 she was awarded the title of Woman Grandmaster .
In 1977 the National Coalition of Fine Gael and Labor suffered a disastrous electoral defeat in the general election .
In 1977 the state was created by dividing the state of Mato Grosso .
In 1978 a new 8 storey building was put into exploitation .
In 1978 the Australian Government took over the titles of various pieces of land that now makes up Kakadu National Park .
In 1978 the Province of Ontario made Kanata a city separate from the Township of March .
In 1979 Marshall became a Registrar in Medicine at the Royal Perth Hospital .
In 1979 he became a United States Senator .
In 1979 the Mary Rose Trust was formed .
In 1981 they were the first to grow embryonic mice stem cells in a laboratory .
In 1982 he was elected into the Country Music Hall of Fame .
In 1982 it became the National Party .
In 1982 she retired from singing in opera .
In 1982 the Mary Rose Trust managed to get the Mary Rose out of the sea and in 1994 they started to preserve her .
In 1982 they grew a culture of H. pylori .
In 1983 Hillery was again elected unopposed .
In 1983 the constitution set up a 15 member National Assembly .
In 1984 he decided not to seek a second term on account of his age and left office on 30 June 1984 .
In 1986 the company created its improved version called TRS Model 200 .
In 1987 both stations were taken back by the Commonwealth and added to Kakadu National Park .
In 1987 it was loaned to Sunderland Museum and put on display in the local history gallery but has been returned to the owner .
In 1987 it was replaced by a new City Stand .
In 1988 Barenboim married the Russian pianist Elena Bashkirova .
In 1989 David Bowie formed a new band .
In 1990 they began to have talks again .
In 1991 Kitty Kelley wrote a book about her .
In 1991 the Venice Film Festival gave him a lifetime achievement award .
In 1992 the reconstruction finished and the Palmengarten showed in its new form .
In 1993 the three districts were merged .
In 1994 Tony Blair forced the Labor Party to drop Clause 4 .
In 1994 a committee of IUPAC recommended that element 108 be named hahnium .
In 1995 he was reburied at Gundagai next to gang members Gus Wernicke and James Nesbitt .
In 1996 Gilmour was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Pink Floyd .
In 1996 the devils began to get very sick and then die with large tumors on their faces .
In 1997 she was made a saint by Pope John Paul II .
In 1998 she got an Academy Award nomination for Best Actress for playing Elizabeth I in Elizabeth .
In 2000 the government of Pakistan ended divisions .
In 2001 Burton was elected into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame .
In 2001 he made many people in Israel angry by conducting the music of Wagner in a concert .
In 2001 he won the British JICA Championship .
In 2001 the Supreme Court ruled that the corruption charges were not true .
In 2001 there were 177 people living in Lamarsh .
In 2001 there were 223 people living in Marlesford .
In 2001 there were 460 people living in Waldringfield .
In 2001 there were 462 people living in Tattingstone .
In 2001 there were 487 people living in Raydon .
In 2001 there were 595 people living in Radwinter .
In 2001 there were 658 people living in Dacre .
In 2001 there were 672 people living in Nacton .
In 2001 there were 922 people living in Cavendish .
In 2002 Robinson became Honorary President of Oxfam International .
In 2002 he also won the World Youth Chess Championship in the U12 class .
In 2002 he tested positive for amphetamine .
In 2002 he was voted into the College Football Hall of Fame .
In 2002 the city commemorated its thousandth birthday .
In 2003 he played his first and only Bundesliga match for Munich .
In 2003 the band broke up .
In 2003 they released the album Hail To The Thief which was a return to a sound with more guitars and less use of electronic sounds .
In 2004 Malta joined the European Union and in 2008 Malta joined the Euro .
In 2004 he was in Guinness Book of World Records as youngest person who been to all countries in world .
In 2004 she was given the Arjuna award by the Indian Government .
In 2004 the US American Bad Aibling Echelon station closed after decades of operation .
In 2005 Balkanska was also one of the nominees for the St. Paisiy Hilendarski national award for notable artists and performers .
In 2005 Heatley asked to be traded because of his involvement in a car accident that killed teammate Dan Snyder .
In 2005 a major rebuilding and extension of Tywyn Wharf station took place .
In 2005 he became conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra .
In 2005 he killed a lamb live on his TV show .
In 2005 he played at The Proms .
In 2005 there are a total of 260 people in the Hall of Fame .
In 2005 there were 20000 amateurs on the course .
In 2006 Swedish was the mother language of 3.1 percent of population of Vantaa .
In 2006 Ullrich was suspected to be a client of Fuentes .
In 2006 he played for the Polish team at the Chess Olympiad played in Turin scoring 9 points out of 11 games .
In 2006 he was then called to audition for the band Varsity Fanclub .
In 2006 he won the Franz Kafka Prize for his book Kafka on the Shore .
In 2006 it was the second largest book fair in the world after the Frankfurt Book Fair .
In 2006 there were 1808 people living in Ballan .
In 2006 there were 4052 people living in Mansfield .
In 2006 there were 4790 people living in Caulfied .
In 2007 ASCAP listed the song at number three in the 25 most played holiday songs .
In 2007 Bjarne Riis said that he used drugs to win the Tour .
In 2007 a team of scientists on board the RRS James Cook went to an area of the Atlantic seafloor where the mantle has no crust covering .
In 2007 he went back to the Bundesliga and came to V.f.L. Wolfsburg .
In 2007 it was nominated for an Emmy award .
In 2007 its population was 10199 .
In 2007 its population was 10329 .
In 2007 its population was 107653 .
In 2007 its population was 10853 .
In 2007 its population was 11060 .
In 2007 its population was 11071 .
In 2007 its population was 11878 .
In 2007 its population was 12179 .
In 2007 its population was 12262 .
In 2007 its population was 12792 .
In 2007 its population was 12802 .
In 2007 its population was 13383 .
In 2007 its population was 13615 .
In 2007 its population was 1372 .
In 2007 its population was 13863 .
In 2007 its population was 13994 .
In 2007 its population was 14020 .
In 2007 its population was 14158 .
In 2007 its population was 14198 .
In 2007 its population was 14325 .
In 2007 its population was 14386 .
In 2007 its population was 14468 .
In 2007 its population was 14876 .
In 2007 its population was 14998 .
In 2007 its population was 1584 .
In 2007 its population was 17066 .
In 2007 its population was 17504 .
In 2007 its population was 17652 .
In 2007 its population was 17948 .
In 2007 its population was 17988 .
In 2007 its population was 20379 .
In 2007 its population was 2071 .
In 2007 its population was 21395 .
In 2007 its population was 22366 .
In 2007 its population was 22382 .
In 2007 its population was 22536 .
In 2007 its population was 22583 .
In 2007 its population was 2305 .
In 2007 its population was 23368 .
In 2007 its population was 2337 .
In 2007 its population was 23879 .
In 2007 its population was 2580 .
In 2007 its population was 26104 .
In 2007 its population was 26294 .
In 2007 its population was 26997 .
In 2007 its population was 28021 .
In 2007 its population was 29034 .
In 2007 its population was 3185 .
In 2007 its population was 3225 .
In 2007 its population was 32576 .
In 2007 its population was 3541 .
In 2007 its population was 35831 .
In 2007 its population was 3616 .
In 2007 its population was 36456 .
In 2007 its population was 4110 .
In 2007 its population was 4348 .
In 2007 its population was 4759 .
In 2007 its population was 4926 .
In 2007 its population was 5045 .
In 2007 its population was 5055 .
In 2007 its population was 5143 .
In 2007 its population was 5278 .
In 2007 its population was 5651 .
In 2007 its population was 6088 .
In 2007 its population was 6171 .
In 2007 its population was 6460 .
In 2007 its population was 6556 .
In 2007 its population was 6585 .
In 2007 its population was 6692 .
In 2007 its population was 6825 .
In 2007 its population was 6875 .
In 2007 its population was 70584 .
In 2007 its population was 7309 .
In 2007 its population was 77509 .
In 2007 its population was 7756 .
In 2007 its population was 7774 .
In 2007 its population was 7903 .
In 2007 its population was 8004 .
In 2007 its population was 8158 .
In 2007 its population was 8396 .
In 2007 its population was 8678 .
In 2007 its population was 8916 .
In 2007 only nine animals were found in two woods in Limburg .
In 2007 she entered Idol 2007 where she is currently in the top 10 of the Swedish version of Pop Idol .
In 2007 the New Jersey State Board of Cosmetology and Hairstyling came close to banning genital waxing based on health concerns .
In 2007 they played the Leningrad Symphony by Shostakovich at the Proms .
In 2008 Malta joined the Euro countries in adopting the Euro as the National Currency .
In 2008 Vengerov announced that he was taking a break from his violin career to focus on teaching and conducting .
In 2008 cattle egrets were also reported as having moved into Ireland for the first time .
In 2008 he was made a Companion of Honour .
In 2008 he was named Hardcore DJ of the year .
In 2008 it was reported that Gynning would write a continuation to Ego Girl called Ego Woman .
In 2008 there were 191 people living in Sageville .
In 2008 they got together again .
In 2008 they released In Rainbows .
In 2008 they won the FIFA Club World Cup .
In 2009 UNESCO recognized it in its Memory of the World register .
In 2010 Wale was nominated for Best New Artist from both the Soul Train Awards and BET Awards but did not win .
In 2010 Wojtaszek was again one of world champion Anand official seconds for the match with Topalov .
In 2010 a large shopping mall opened in Gaza .
In 2010 he had a relationship with Chanelle Hayes .
In 2010 he played with the U 19 team in the European Championship in France and is qualified with the team for the U 20 World championship in 2011 .
In 2010 the New Zealand Government proposed removing some national park and conservation areas from Schedule 4 protection of the Crown Minerals Act which means that mining is not allowed in those areas .
In 207 BC he retired into Bruttium .
In 211 BC the city of Capua fell .
In 212 BC conspirators in Tarentum let Hannibal into the city .
In 298 Galerius got reinforcements from the Danube in the Spring .
In 390 B.C. there was an important battle in Greece .
In 426 A.D. Padua became destroyed by Attila .
In 44 BC he became praetor peregrinus with the promise of the Syrian province for the ensuing year .
In 539 BC Cyrus invaded Babylonia .
In America he gave lectures .
In April 1552 Edward became sick with the measles and caught tuberculosis as well .
In April 1824 while in London he died from a bladder and kidney infection .
In April 2007 he started his own record label called Muffin Music .
In April of that year he became very ill and could not work for a time .
In August 1209 the crusading army of Simon de Montfort forced its citizens to surrender .
In August 2000 Larkana celebrated its hundred years of existence .
In August 2007 he signed up to play for Sunderland for a fee of 10 million pounds .
In August 2007 the people of Bakhshali observed a strike against power cuts .
In August 2008 Gergiev conducted the Orchestra of the Mariinsky Theatre in a concert given in the ruined headquarters of the South Ossetia separatist government .
In Cantabria most people speak Spanish .
In China it is called qundaicai .
In China they also feature Chinese forms of gardens .
In Computer science a schema or database schema describes the structure of a database in a formal language that is supported by the database management system .
In Cusco he photographed rich society people and poor indigenous people .
In December 1689 Parliament passed one of the most important documents in English history .
In December 1853 a speech Hovell made at Geelong led to an argument between the men .
In December 1894 the Prime Minister Sir John Thompson died suddenly .
In December 2008 Wojtaszek became the European rapid chess champion .
In English it is better known by HIAG .
In English it is usually written Philistine .
In English it means Bach Works Catalogue .
In English one often speaks of the Palace of Versailles .
In English we use the letters of the alphabet .
In Europe and Asia carp are loved as a fishing and eating fish .
In Europe there are 12 genera .
In Fable II you begin as a poor orphan child who has a sister .
In Finnish side there are provinces of North Karelia and South Karelia .
In France alone there are more than 320 public places named in honor of Allende .
In Germany he is famous for changing the color of his hair very often .
In Great Britain it is represented by a single crown .
In Halo 2 he is an enemy but in Halo 3 he joins forces with the humans .
In Hinduism and Buddhism Sanskaras are the faint memories left on your mind by experiences you had in your present life or in past lives .
In Hinduism it is considered holy to take a pilgrimage to the Ganges and take a dip .
In II .
In III .
In Individual time trials he was one of the best cyclists at his time .
In Italian he is Maestro di Capella .
In Italian its name is Lago di Garda .
In January 1946 Manchukuo Yuan was replaced .
In January 2007 it was announced that a film would be made based on the Maximum Ride series .
In January 2010 Wojtaszek finished again second in Polish championship .
In Japanese a lot of these differences are made by adding or changing the endings of words .
In July 1960 Carstens started to work for the government .
In July 2007 he visited again the Bishigram valley and spent some days with those people there .
In June 1341 he came back and began to rule .
In June 1942 it went from being a basic drawing design to use on the battlefield in only 30 days .
In June of 2003 he went into hospital with depression .
In June that year they played at the Glastonbury Festival .
In Korea it is called miyeok .
In London Cafiero made contacts with Marx and Engels .
In Macedonia he had almost certainly viewed the traditional tomb of Orpheus .
In Manchester city center the Metrolink trams run on the roads .
In Manipur it has a very rich dance element along with singing and playing instruments .
In March 1528 the citizens of Aarau allowed the introduction of Protestantism at the urging of the Bernese .
In March 2007 there were attacks made on music shops in Bakhshali .
In Mask fetishism is persons wants to see another person wearing mask or taking off a mask .
In May 1817 she moved to Winchester to be near her doctor .
In May 1945 the war was over and Hitler killed himself .
In May 2008 the Tasmanian Devil was listed as endangered .
In May 2009 the Bulgarian Association of Regional Media chose her as The Most Exceptional Bulgarian Woman .
In Mediterranean cuisines it is often combined with tomato .
In Mexico the term chile is used .
In New Guinea most P. vivax is resistant to chloroquine .
In New Orleans the bands are one of the most important parts of the Carnival celebrations .
In North America and in Europe they sometimes live in peoples houses without them knowing .
In November 2009 her late night talk show The Wanda Sykes Show premiered .
In November 2010 it was announced that he would take up the position of First Deemster following the death of Michael Kerruish earlier in the year .
In October 1973 it was confirmed that she had multiple sclerosis .
In October 2008 the team confirmed that they would stay with Robert Kubica and Nick Heidfeld as their drivers for the Season .
In Paris he had very little money .
In Paris he was able to listen to music by a lot of great composers .
In Poland his works have become a staple of classical study in schools of all levels .
In Queen Catherine she discovered a role that was almost as well adapted to her acting powers as that of Lady Macbeth .
In Rio there are many very large and expensive decorated floats .
In Roman mythology he is called Pluto .
In Russian side Karelia is Republic of Karelia .
In Santiago de Compostela there are a lot of university students who live there because their houses are very far to the university .
In Scandinavia it is often used for baking .
In Scotland the Jacobite cause became a lasting romantic memory .
In South America they can be found well into the temperate north of Argentina .
In Spain the group is also known as Martyrs for Morocco .
In Super Smash Bros. .
In Sweden and in Finland it is traditional to eat yellow pea soup followed by pancakes on Thursdays .
In Turkey it is called a kiosk .
In Ukraine the delta is not as well preserved as in Romania .
In Venice the Carnival was celebrated from December 26 until Lent began .
In Venice there were churches with galleries on either side of the church .
In a 2005 survey the scholar Adam Lucas identified the following first appearances of various industrial mill types in Western Europe .
In a French magazine named France Football he was voted as one of the eight best Football Players of the Century
In a bastide there were usually between one and eight streets .
In a cutscene we see the new Arbiter sent down to the Halo to recover the Index before Chief can destroy it .
In a dance party she met George H. W. Bush .
In a digital camera the film is replaced with a computer chip .
In a federal countries like Germany or the United States the mayor can also head of the government of a city state .
In a flying bird the sternum anchors the wing muscles .
In a gas the average velocity of the molecules is related to the temperature .
In a gas the molecules move freely and are independent of each other .
In a letter he says that he came from Verona .
In a mass suicide a group of people kill themselves for the same reason .
In a string quartet each of the four instruments plays a different part .
In a syllabary each symbol stands for a syllable .
In addition it also has a Tribal territory called Kala Dhaka .
In all these places he had to get to know the people and get them to trust him so that they would let him record their music .
In all times in their history the Jews were familiar with teaching by means of parables and a number of parables also exist in the Old Testament .
In almost every house in Finland they have a sauna .
In ancient times it was a greek kingdom and its greatest leader was Alexander The Great .
In ancient times it was marshy and wooded locality here and it was in the Latgalian inhabited Atdzele land .
In astrology Sagittarius is ruled by the planet Jupiter .
In athletics participants are broken down into a range of classes based on the disability they have and then they are placed in a classification within that range based on their level of impairment .
In babies the condition is called thrush .
In ballet and opera they are used to accompany Spanish dances .
In bivalves it is usually part of the feeding structure .
In both Hindu and Tibetan Buddhist traditions there are 84 Mahasiddhas .
In both instances he failed again .
In case of clear weather one could catch a glimpse of Nangaparbat peak some 400 kilometres away from top of these peaks .
In certain Melanesian communities this is expected between older and younger boys .
In certain cases a monovalent vaccine may be preferable for rapidly developing a strong immune response .
In chemistry it is placed in a group of metal elements named the transition metals .
In common talk it is called the West Maui Mountain .
In current Cabinet 2008 there are 20 Ministries and 25 seats in the Cabinet .
In dry areas they have been known to survive by drinking seawater .
In early 1930 he left Bengal for a nearly yearlong tour of Europe and the U.S. .
In early 1938 Tresca publicly accused the Soviets of kidnapping Juliet Poyntz to prevent her defection from the Communist Party USA .
In early April Dudley left the college due to sudden severe headaches to go home and rest .
In economics capital accumulation is often seen as the same as investment .
In every round two teams are playing .
In exile he attended the University of Cairo law school .
In fact since 1720 the island was annexed by the House of Savoy and since then was born the Kingdom of Sardinia .
In factories there are machines which spray paint onto objects .
In film a mask is a screen which cuts out part of the image .
In front of the door there was often a courtyard called an atrium .
In general those drugs are special kinds of stimulants .
In geometry the Parallel postulate is one of the axioms of Euclidean geometry .
In her last written letter she said that she hopes her activities with Nili would help bring the Jews a home country .
In her new school she is nearly the only white girl .
In his Works and Days he gives the oldest known literary version of the story .
In his career he played 478 matches and scored 355 goals .
In his career in the NHL he also played for the Pittsburgh Penguins and Ottawa Senators .
In his childhood Mahfouz read extensively .
In his dream there are two beautiful women .
In his earlier roles Chan did all of the dangerous stunts without safety equipment .
In his first match on the brand that night he defeated Shelton Benjamin but he lost a rematch to Benjamin on the July 9 episode of ECW .
In his later career Calloway became a popular actor in films and stage shows .
In his later years he was also a conductor as well as a composer .
In his new role as Leader of the Opposition and party leader he set about modernizing and revitalising Fine Gael .
In his old age he acted as a guide on a ship set up as a convict museum .
In his old age he became quite deaf .
In his second season for HSV he played not regularly so he went back to Sturm Graz .
In his spare time he read mostly novels by Mickey Spillane or publications such as Sports Afield and Outdoor Life and hunted and fished with friends and family .
In his time he had great contribution to the world of electricity and thermodynamics .
In humans they are often called breasts .
In industry both hot water and water heated to steam have many uses .
In information technology RDBMS is a word for most databases in the field .
In insect species GABA acts only on excitatory nerve receptors .
In interpreting this Brophy found that the lines made to these stones from the radial stone match the spots in the sky where the various stars marked by the center stones in the calendar circle at the time they rose as the vernal equinox heliacal rising .
In it the embryo is dramatically restructured by cell migration .
In its early years the division was occasionally referred to as Speedlink Distribution .
In its first season the Blues won only one game out of ten .
In large amounts it can kill humans and other animals .
In late 1953 Monroe was scheduled to begin filming The Girl in Pink Tights with Frank Sinatra .
In late 1989 a team looking for gemstone and led by Heitor Dimas Barbosa found what some people believe are the best Tourmaline crystals ever found .
In late December of 2007 it was revealed that Jamie Lynn is pregnant .
In later years a number of books from foreign publishers have been taken by Egyptian authorities .
In low lying areas the storm surge can stay inland for a long time and mix with chemicals already in the area to create a toxic mess .
In mammals bones formerly in the lower jaw have become the ear ossicles .
In many East German cities streets were named after socialist heroes .
In many countries falafel is a popular street food or fast food .
In many midwestern regions of the United States the Sweet Bell Pepper is commonly called a mango .
In many places mosquitos became resistant to DDT .
In many places the goz is waterless and can only be inhabited where there are water reservoirs or deep boreholes .
In many places you can not have a taser or there are special rules to have a taser .
In many sentences there is no subject .
In many ways humans and nature can be said to be in conflict .
In modern terms the word maybe used to describe a group of admiring women attracted to one man .
In modern time there is also an annual Salzburg Easter Festival held by the same organization .
In modern times gambits are usually not for direct attacks on the king .
In modern times the German playwright Bertolt Brecht used a lot of satire in his plays .
In most cases most of the females are romantically interested in the main character .
In most homes the parlor has been replaced by the living room .
In most of the modern world a bank settled by the government but independent of the state administrators controls how much money appears at a time .
In most places the company who owns the vehicles and the people who work on them have legal obligation to the passengers riding with them .
In mountainous countries like Switzerland many people live in the valleys that were made by glaciers .
In music a march is a piece of music with a strong marching rhythm .
In mythology Sagittarius is related to Greek myth of a centaur .
In mythology darkness is often connected with evil .
In normal cloth weaving both the warp and the weft threads can be seen .
In olden times a pond existed in the meadows and the kings princess often used to have her bath there .
In order to develop a laptop a computer technology was taken and then scaled to smaller size .
In other arms she holds a book and a lotus flower .
In other cultures swimsuits are not be worn .
In other parts of the world Saturday is said to be the sixth day of the week .
In other words the substance of the universe is composed entirely of mind or consciousness .
In other words we are all part of a grand communication scheme which is the glue that holds the universe together .
In painting a layer over other is painted to get the final image .
In particular it teaches
In patients with narcolepsy it has been used to treat sleepiness during the day .
In prehistoric times people lived in the area which is now Madrid .
In pubs one often hears on the public address system a request for a member of staff
In reason of the Congress of Vienna the area became part of the Kingdom of Prussia as district Liebenwerda .
In recent times the island has served as a cautionary tale about the cultural and environmental dangers of overexploitation .
In recent years Oakwell Stadium has rarely been used by anyone other than Barnsley FC .
In recent years the church has grown to a much larger church .
In recent years the town has been used as a location for many movie and television productions .
In recent years there have been four interesting discoveries .
In recipes it is generally added at the last moment .
In republic territory live about 60 species of mammals .
In rocks of the Mesozoic era gastropods are more common as fossils and their shell is often well preserved .
In sociology there are different levels of analysis .
In some cities the cars may be clamped .
In some countries a civil parish is an administrative area of civil government .
In some countries issuing money is the task of the government .
In some countries it has the name of Saint Sylvester .
In some cultures father means a leader .
In some episodes Marge is shown being a fairly skilled photographer until she decided to choose Homer over photography .
In some mammals they are weapons of attack and defense .
In some pieces with a large orchestra a contrabassoon is used .
In some places there is only one day of celebration .
In some student works Stockhausen used twelve tone composition .
In some ways this was true .
In southern China and other countries people kill pangolins to eat them .
In spite of his awkward behavior the people in Leeds were sorry when he left .
In statistics a sample is part of a population .
In summer daytime temperatures can be as high as 40 to 45 degrees Celsius .
In summer the area gets many visitors and the population rises to around 6000 .
In summer they were in the Norbulingka palace .
In team competitions the members of the team are each given a point value based on their level of impairment .
In that book he proved the law of Quadratic reciprocity .
In that match Rhodes passed DiBiase a pipe and he hit Orton with it and eliminated him .
In that year she gave birth to Donato who was named after the sculptor Donatello .
In the 15th century it was claimed she had spoken to Joan of Arc .
In the 17th century its popularity spread all over Poland and by the 19th century it was becoming known in England and then the United States .
In the 1860s his fame spread and he also did some teaching at the Ecole Niedermeyer which educated young musicians for church music .
In the 18th century Italian opera became very popular in England .
In the 1920s Merikanto created his own modernist style .
In the 1920s the orchestra began to get money from the state .
In the 1930s he recorded songs with his brothers .
In the 1930s it was harder to be open about being gay than it is nowadays .
In the 1930s the US President started sending a message about the country every week to the American people .
In the 1950s Walt Disney created Disneyland in Anaheim California .
In the 1960s the Western Allies sometimes said the capital of East Germany was Pankow .
In the 1960s waxing products became available .
In the 1970s and 1980s the club went down to the second league and up again several times .
In the 1970s they made a lot of recordings of zarzuelas and Spanish operas .
In the 1980s train services were stopped between Cowra and Blayney .
In the 19th century Louis Pasteur developed a rabies vaccine .
In the 19th century it was thought the Earth was perhaps 100 million years old .
In the 19th century the island used to be called Independence Island at times .
In the 19th century writers had to show that bad behavior would be punished in the end .
In the 2010 Winter Olympics she was one of the gold medal favorites .
In the 20th century Karol Szymanowski wrote several mazurkas .
In the 20th century composers such as Schoenberg who wrote serial music were fond of canons .
In the Baroque period gavottes were mainly found in binary form .
In the Baroque period many composers started to write pieces of music which were based on dance rhythms .
In the Classical music period composers wrote a lot of symphonies and string quartets .
In the First World War he served in the Grenadier Guards .
In the German air force and the German army it is the rank of Officer Candidates .
In the Germany national team he played 19 matches and scored 1 goal .
In the Japanese language a consonant is always followed by a vowel .
In the Johann Gutenberg Museum in Mainz is an original Gutenberg Bible which came from the castle library .
In the Mimosoideae the flowers are radial symmetric or actinomorphic .
In the Netherlands pancakes are called pannekoeken and eaten at dinner .
In the Olympic Games of Seoul 1988 and of Barcelona 1992 it became Olympic sport of exhibition and at present it has come to be Olympic sport of competition .
In the Pliocene period some moved out onto the savannahs as grassland began to replace forests .
In the Renaissance period church composers set the words of the Ordinary mass to music .
In the Renaissance the groups of a choir were often singing several different words at once .
In the Roman calendar March 15 was known as the Ides of March .
In the Romantic era the waltz became popular .
In the Single Transferable Vote system Austin Currie was eliminated and his second choice votes were counted .
In the Spring of 216 B.C. Hannibal captured the large supply depot at Cannae in the Apulian plain .
In the Trojan War Achilles once stopped fighting because he was angry at Agamemnon .
In the U.S. the song went for radio airplay only and was never released as a single in other countries .
In the Uffizi Gallery in Florence is an altarpiece that shows the Madonna and Child with Saint Anne .
In the United Kingdom the word is still often used in this sense .
In the United Kingdom this would be called a Parliament or in the United States a Congress
In the United States of America and Poland most people can have a taser .
In the United States of America it is shown by a gold oak leaf .
In the WWE Draft we was then drafted to Raw .
In the area of Oia the tap water that comes from the local desalination plant is drinkable .
In the beginning the website was mainly about PC games .
In the cathedral there is a statue of the dragon .
In the center of the crater there is a small lake .
In the colonial era the Kavirondo are on the increase due to their fecundity and morality .
In the credits everyone is credited by their first name only .
In the early 20th century and before it was a group of farms .
In the early 20th century the United Fruit Company had very much influence in the country .
In the early days manufacturing companies would pay to send complete programs by radio .
In the eastern highlands the high plateaus are covered with grasses and deciduous forests .
In the end Charpentier stopped writing music for plays .
In the end he was given the degree anyway .
In the end he was invited to Argentina where he settled .
In the end the Inquisition did wipe out most of the Cathars though it took well over a hundred years to get all of them .
In the final prank they are caught and come to a sad end .
In the fourth story the boys put gunpowder in the pipe of the schoolmaster while he is in church .
In the game Batman faces a new enemy who sends Gotham City into chaos .
In the game you have option of playing as selected celebrities and professional dancers from the show .
In the halls of foreign art the exposition begins with the culture of Ancient World Egypt and Greece .
In the heyday of Hollywood movie studios clustered on both sides of it .
In the late 1800s it was thought to be extinct .
In the late 1960s jazz musicians such as Miles Davis and a band called The Tony Williams Lifetime began using electric instruments such as electric bass and electric piano in their jazz music .
In the late Baroque period composers like Antonio Vivaldi wrote concertos for bassoon and orchestra .
In the later episodes Lana gets married to Clark .
In the market prices may change quickly if supply or demand changes .
In the match Orton gave Shawn Micheals a low blow and retained his title .
In the meteorite they found some very tiny little shapes in the rock which they think might be fossils made by living things .
In the middle of Japan there are mountains .
In the modern times many resorts are made near the river .
In the museum is a permanent exhibit honoring Friedrich Kellner .
In the next years he shot in 201 matches for the club 160 goals .
In the night he traveled through the underworld .
In the north of Baltoro Kangri is the Abruzzi Glacier .
In the past centuries tanners were often poor .
In the past decades Carilse has had a problem with drinking water .
In the past it has been used to treat insomnia and depression .
In the past treaties were signed by delegates chosen by the ruler of a country .
In the perfect case the crossfader would keep constant output level .
In the portrait Bach is seen holding up a copy of another composition which uses a lot of canon .
In the rainy season this river flows with a lot of water and millions of gallons of water moves down it to the Arabian Sea .
In the same year John Dudley was made the Duke of Northumberland and the chief councillor to Edward VI .
In the same year he got a music degree from the University of Durham .
In the same year he published four of his total of six books of madrigals for four voices .
In the same year he took up a job at the Royal Hungarian Academy of Music in Budapest .
In the same year he was also appointed as professor for public and international law at Cologne University .
In the same year she also received the Golden Lyre award by the Union of Bulgarian Musicians and Dancers .
In the second half of the 18th century Polish estate owner hand lady K. Hilzen built a small estate house and a wooden church on the bank of the lake .
In the second part are star maps of the Christian constellations .
In the sixth book Harry begins his sixth year at the magical school Hogwarts with his best friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger .
In the storyline the Tyranids are merciless predators from another galaxy .
In the summer hiking and mountain biking are popular .
In the summer of 2007 a big part of forest was burnt because of a destructive wildfire .
In the town itself many people travel by bus .
In the village people grow rice and houseplants .
In the west of Karditsa is the Agrafa range .
In the wild they very rarely weigh more than 500 grams though .
In the year 1912 a stationary circus building opened in Dresden .
In the years between convict settlement and the start of the modern tourist industry the area most people worked in the timber industry and fishing .
In there were three serious accidents at Imola .
In these events performers use costumes and masks to mimic the supposed spirits .
In these places it is a good practice to build houses and other buildings so they will not collapse when there is an earthquake .
In these places quinine can be used .
In these works were included Love and Freindship .
In this album Taylor York was already a member of Paramore .
In this album he started to write songs in English .
In this book he wrote down his political ideas and his future plans for Germany .
In this case the duchies of Coburg and Gotha .
In this category are famous people from the South American country of Chile .
In this category are people from the European country Italy .
In this category are people from the country of New Zealand .
In this context capital can be understood as assets used for profit .
In this experiment it can be seen that the average of die rolls vary wildly at first .
In this method cannabis plants are ground up and covered in isopropyl alcohol or butane and left to sit .
In this numbers are included the population of Jamao Afuera municipal district .
In this numbers are included the population of Las Gordas municipal district .
In this numbers are included the population of all its municipal districts .
In this numbers are included the population of its municipal districts .
In this numbers are included the population of the San Luis municipal district .
In this numbers are included the population of the municipal districts that are part of this municipality .
In this numbers are included the populations of its municipal districts .
In this painting a knight lies asleep .
In this park there is a large hill that looks totally out of place .
In this time lots of other civilizations disappeared but the Maya civilization did not disappear .
In this variation the players are all seated in a wheelchair .
In this year Lance Armstrong won the Professional World Race championchip .
In those days in Italy a nobleman could not be arrested and punished .
In winning the third stage he became the first Briton to hold the green jersey for two days in a row .
Income of every barangay in the town of Sta .
Increasing market share is one of the most important objectives in business .
Increasing the number by one is the same as cutting the size of the paper in half .
India and Pakistan have fought several wars over Kashmir .
India contributed massively to the British war effort by providing men and resources .
India gives Indian patents .
India took the matter to the United Nations .
Indian soldiers smuggled arms into India to overthrow British rule .
Indie rock that surfaced in the early 1990s underground took this same DIY ethic .
Indigenous Australian names for the Eastern Grey include iyirrbir and kucha .
Industries which require a large amount of water are set up on the banks of the river .
Industries within this zone must use natural gas instead of coal .
Industry is mainly to process farm products .
Infant mammals are fed on by milk from their mothers .
Infants with this disease seem healthy at birth .
Infinity is not a natural number .
Influences on his dripping technique include the Mexican muralists and Surrealist automatism .
Infocomm is about computers .
Information can be material .
Information is stored by changing the magnetism of the particles .
Infrastructure related to Rail transport .
Infrastructure related to transportation .
Ingrown hairs are also quite common and can become infected .
Inhaling large quantities of nitrous oxide can cause people to have hallucinations .
Inhibitors slow down reactions .
Inouye was an officer in World War II .
Insectivorous plants have leaves that are made like pitchers or bladders which catch insects .
Insects are not currently protected by California law .
Inside NORAD Falken tells them it is all a game and they decide to allow the missiles that the Soviet Union has reportedly fired to land to see if it is real or a game .
Inside Out broke up in 1991 .
Inside the body is a cavity that contains the electrical components of the bass .
Inside the church is a baroque organ .
Inside the fish is a coin .
Inside the pouch there are four nipples .
Inside the skin are calcite scales .
Instead he lived at the home of a local black politician .
Instead of facing the champ at Wrestlemania Orton faced Cena for the title at No Way Out .
Instead of helping other countries it hurt them .
Instead the roots spread out in all directions along or just under the ground .
Instructions are patterns of bits .
Intelligence agencies are government agencies .
Intensive agriculture was done around these city states .
Interdisciplinary fields are areas of study that involve the interaction of two or more academic disciplines .
Interest in the format lessened in the United States during the 1970s .
International law has tried to reduce the harmful effects of war .
International law says that nations have to say when they put mines in an area .
International price fixing by private entities can be prosecuted under the antitrust laws of more than 100 countries .
Internationally King Carl XVI Gustav is best known for presenting the Nobel Prizes every year .
Internet Most hotels provide Internet access for their guests .
Interplay lost all of its money and sold the game to Bethesda Softworks in July 2004 .
Interpretation is difficult due to a limited supply of evidence .
Interrupts use the main CPU of the system .
Interstate 40 is a major interstate and part of it goes through the county .
Intravenous means given into a vein .
Intro 2 .
Introduction of water buffalo from Southeast Asia caused damage to the fragile floodplains and wetlands .
Inventors tried to think of ways of building a smaller and lighter bass instrument .
Investing is important to capitalism .
Invisible Man won a National Book Award and is still read today by many students and scholars .
Invisible electrical signals called radio waves come out of a part called a transmitter .
Inward flow water turbines have a better mechanical arrangement and all modern reaction water turbines are of this design .
Iolani Palace was built later on by others of the royal family .
Iowa got a blizzard from the storm .
Iran also on the UN Security Council and the OIC to take swift punitive action against Israel .
Iran and Britain later agreed that the United Nations Secretary General would judge the political situation in Bahrain .
Iron Maiden lead singer Bruce Dickinson was in the band before he joined Iron Maiden .
Iron compounds are chemical compounds containing iron ions .
Iron oxide often makes it a reddish color .
Is That you ?
Is one of the 10 stadiums where World Cup games will be played .
Is the only species in its genus and is the official state dinosaur of New Jersey .
Islam believes that The Fall was just a historic event and did not change human nature at all .
Islam says the Christian concept of original sin is false .
Islam sees Adam and Eve being chased away as a chance for a new start .
Islamic rule expanded westward across North Africa and into Hispania and eastward through Persia and ultimately to Sindh and Punjab in modern day Pakistan .
Isolated pockets of monsoon forest grow along the coast and river banks .
Isolation components are the connections between isolation units and other parts of the building having no separation effect of their own .
Isolation units are the basic elements of base isolation system which provide the mentioned separation effect to a building structure .
Isotope 270 of Hassium was found in December 2006 .
Isotopes of darmstadtium with an atomic mass of 279 and 281 were synthesised after the other isotopes .
Israel attacked its enemies in Lebanon .
Israel has confirmed four being dead .
Israel planned to deport all of the captured passengers within 48 hours of their arrival into Israel .
Issues from this would later delay his deployment status while in the military .
It absorbs water from the air .
It absorbs water from the air and releases heat when it is dissolved in water .
It achieved good ticket sales despite weak reviews .
It added more rules to stop nursing techniques .
It airs on the television channel BBC One .
It alleged a relationship between Monroe and Bobby Kennedy .
It allowed for increased trade with Britain in exchange for the British giving up their forts on the Great Lakes .
It allowed the RAF to intercept incoming German aircraft .
It allows a DJ to fade one source out while fading another source in at the same time .
It allows the character to grow very big in size and flatten other players .
It allows you to make your own music and even make music with a MIDI keyboard .
It almost ended the making of wine in California .
It alone has parliamentary sovereignty over all other political bodies .
It also accept notes and coins .
It also allowed the states to vote on whether slavery was legal or not .
It also allows joints to move smoothly and protects against shocks to the body .
It also appears to be more common in males than females .
It also blew back on the Germans when they used it .
It also borders the countries of Paraguay and Bolivia to the west .
It also borders the country Bolivia to the southwest .
It also can be found by a molecular crystal .
It also causes bloody diarrhea and reactive arthritis .
It also comes with a Mac OS X computer .
It also contains the older Mahayana texts in Sanskrit and Theravada texts in the Pali language .
It also creates large amounts of carbon monoxide causing suffocation .
It also depends on how much malaria is in the place .
It also did not have the severe housing and food shortages seen in the rest of continental Europe .
It also gave Prussia the territory of Silesia .
It also had a series of spikes running along each side of its body .
It also had completed USAF bases in Spain in 1959 .
It also has 3 National Treasures of Korea .
It also has a baseball art collection and a library .
It also has a church .
It also has a large fishing and dugout canoe production .
It also has a marina facility .
It also has a miniature golfing section called Moose Mountain .
It also has a new light so the user can see the screen better .
It also has a parliament and a court system .
It also has a remix with Bow Wow .
It also has a wide range of fiction books for juniors and seniors .
It also has half of the Chapala Lake .
It also has one of the largest obelisks weighing 328 tonnes and standing 29 meters tall .
It also has school projects which include a classroom subscription to the newspaper for every student .
It also has stripes of yellow among its green feathers .
It also has the same name as the Santa Ana Mountains and the Santa Ana Winds that cause fires in Southern California .
It also has the smallest population .
It also has two senior and three junior cricket teams in the Ballarat Cricket Association .
It also helps the efficiency of the car .
It also helps to keep Earth warm .
It also helps with breathing and making sounds .
It also includes some roads designed to be used only for racing purposes by the German architect Hermann Tilke .
It also influenced other philosophies in and around China .
It also involves mental focus .
It also is an oxidizing agent .
It also is the city with the biggest urban area in Africa
It also is the largest city in Taiwan .
It also is the shopping center of Daegu .
It also is used to purify radium .
It also makes calcium nitride when heated .
It also makes it easier to get the rook into the game .
It also makes sure they can take the medicines by mouth .
It also means that gauge bosons have a spin of 0 or 1 .
It also means that they follow the teachings of the Church .
It also meant that there was enough room for placing artillery .
It also occurs as manganese carbonate .
It also protects the places where bones rub against each other .
It also provides air support for ground troops .
It also reacts with carbon and nitrogen at a high temperature to make barium cyanide .
It also refers to the consciousness and expression of religious influences that help mould the national consciousness .
It also serves as the International Federation for nine sports .
It also shares a short border with Monte Plata .
It also stands for centimetre .
It also stated that Kansans would vote on the legality of slavery .
It also stops decaying changes in food .
It also stores space physics mission data .
It also studies things like business and military decisions .
It also suggests that the origin of this great order of birds was in the southern continent .
It also works as a spear .
It always takes two men to carry one .
It and Suffolk County are together referred to as Long Island .
It appeared that what had actually offended the prosecution most was a joke about papal infallibility .
It appears that females are less likely to masturbate while in a heterosexual relationship than men .
It apples to inductive arguments .
It ate no meat at all since it was a herbivore .
It automatically creates the appropriate future experience in response to the current action .
It beat the previous record set by Halo 2 in 2004 .
It became Genoese in 1527 and was strongly fortified .
It became a Grand Duchy in 1815 .
It became a banking and government center for the area .
It became a city in 1972 .
It became a million seller .
It became a separate district in Kalat division on 30th June 1954 .
It became a town in 1805 .
It became again a duchy in 1681 .
It became almost a complete monopoly in India .
It became an independent statutory authority as the National Film and Sound Archive of Australia in 2008 .
It became an official royal palace in 1530 when Henry VII was the king of England .
It became increasingly difficult to get action taken .
It became part of West Germany in 1957 .
It became part of the Northwest Territory in 1869 .
It became the capital of Poland in 1596 .
It became the capital of the Uzbek SSR in 1925 before being replaced by Tashkent in 1930 .
It became the representative weapon of samurai women .
It became the starting point of most of the Spanish expeditions of exploration and conquest of the other Caribbean islands and the adjacent lands in the continent .
It became used in the English language during the period of the British Empire for lands to the east of British India .
It became very popular after it was released and still has many fans .
It became very popular and has made a lot of money .
It became weaker and finally collapsed in 476 .
It becomes more salty as the water evaporates .
It began airing on September 2007 .
It began at the University of Minnesota in the early 1900s when some students decided to honor their graduating class with a new song .
It began in Eastern Europe and there are now Hasidic communities all over the world .
It began in the 1400s .
It began operation in 1968 .
It began to regularly visit New Zealand in the 1960s .
It begins in the central highlands of New South Wales near the town of Oberon .
It behaves like an annual if there is any chance of a frost .
It belongs in the family Papilionidae .
It belongs in the family Saturniidae .
It belongs in the subfamily Asclepiadodeae .
It belongs in the subfamily Asclepiadoideae .
It belongs in the subfamily Danainae .
It belongs int the family Papilionidae .
It belongs of the United States .
It belongs to Norway .
It belongs to a group called the Percolozoa or Heterolobosea .
It belongs to an Australopithecus africanus .
It belongs to the Central District .
It belongs to the Dravidian language family .
It belongs to the Ruhr area .
It belongs to the genus Macropus .
It belongs to the municipality of Elz .
It borders Mansehra District of to the north and the Muzaffarabad District of Kashmir to the east .
It borders Xinjiang Autonomous Region of China .
It borders the Czech Republic .
It broke into supercontinents Laurasia and Gondwana before each of these broke into the current continents .
It brought a full professional contract for 2007 and 2008 .
It burned more and more .
It burns in air when powdered to make the brown cadmium oxide .
It burns when powdered to make a reddish flame .
It burns with a clean blue flame .
It called for an investigation .
It calls the territories under its control the Liberated Territories or Free Zone .
It came after a decision by Manchester City F.C. to leave their Hyde Road ground .
It came out in 2001 .
It came out in 2001 for Xbox at first and then was released on the personal computer later .
It can also be a large building with several storeys .
It can also be because the microscope was not good .
It can also be called medieval times .
It can also be found in men .
It can also be found in snakes .
It can also be hit against the side of the leg .
It can also be made by a violent reaction between barium and bromine .
It can also be made by dissolving bromine in hot calcium hydroxide solution .
It can also be made by heating barium nitrate .
It can also be made by mixing cadmium and chlorine .
It can also be made by reacting barium sulfide with a mixture of carbon dioxide and water .
It can also be made up of a few pages that are folded in half and stapled at the crease to make a simple book .
It can also be microwaved .
It can also be said that one looks at the East and one looks at the West .
It can also be stewed or pickled .
It can also be used for painting or even making shoes .
It can also be used in software programs .
It can also be used to hold grain or tools .
It can also be used to make alloys with other metals .
It can also be used to make bricks or sand castles .
It can also be used to reinstall the system software from the included installation DVD .
It can also carry cameras to take pictures of the ground .
It can also help people who have a problem with alcoholism or cataplexy .
It can also mean to keep repeating the same information in a different way or make no useful points .
It can also occur on the penis or scrotum .
It can also prepare one for sexual intercourse .
It can also refer to a funerary jar .
It can also tell what speed the train may go .
It can be a big part of culture in many countries .
It can be a market place or a street of shops where things are exchanged or sold .
It can be a person with cancer who does not have a strong immune system .
It can be a pregnant woman who can not get the vaccine because it could hurt her baby .
It can be a very hard rock .
It can be an older person who has a weak immune system .
It can be baked in an oven like bread .
It can be bought packaged .
It can be children who are too sick with other diseases to get vaccines .
It can be complexed with urea to make a different nitrogen fertilizer .
It can be difficult to judge how much lactase will be needed .
It can be distinguished from other members of the genus by the number of claws on the fore and hind feet .
It can be drawn with dots and arrows .
It can be eaten as toast or as a dessert .
It can be fatal .
It can be found almost everywhere .
It can be found by the Hocking River .
It can be found by the Minnesota River where it meets up with the Blue Earth River .
It can be found by the critical point and the physical properties of a gas .
It can be found from India to Malaysia .
It can be found in Asia and Australia .
It can be found in anybody at anytime .
It can be found in the ground or it can be made in large crystal .
It can be found in the southern part of Italy .
It can be found on the Pacific Ocean .
It can be found throughout the temperate and tropical oceans of the world .
It can be gray or yellow with impurities .
It can be made by reacting ammonium nitrate and calcium hydroxide .
It can be made by reacting fluorine or strong oxidizing agents containing fluorine with several manganese compounds .
It can be made by reacting sodium nitrate with barium chloride .
It can be made by the chloralkali process .
It can be made into flour or beer .
It can be made separately though .
It can be read online at .
It can be said that it is as if there was something there in empty space providing a repulsive force that makes the universe expand .
It can be seen from a long distance near the top of the hill .
It can be seen in the fresco paintings of Giotto and the tempera paintings of Fra Angelico .
It can be shown that the uncertainty in the position of the particle is proportional to the width of the box .
It can be unkind .
It can be used as a catalyst .
It can be used as a means to identify a person .
It can be used as a source of the reactive nitride ion .
It can be used for 14 days .
It can be used for scaffolding .
It can be used to make zinc bromide .
It can be used to neutralize acidic soils .
It can be used to replace certain kinds of sugar .
It can be useful even if the philosophy and cognitive science of LoF are wrong or uninteresting .
It can carry missiles and bombs .
It can catch some organic chemicals like alcohol on fire .
It can cause an explosion when mixed with sulfuric acid .
It can cause cancer if one is exposed to it a lot .
It can describe different religions and philosophies .
It can dissolve fats and oils as well as other stuff such as iodine .
It can do this by changing the direction of thrust from its engines .
It can do this under certain situations by allowing the individual hard disk to internally optimize the order in which it executes the read and write requests it received .
It can even come back five years later .
It can explode when an electric spark lights it .
It can fire armor piercing missiles .
It can form alloys with some metals that are partially alloys and partially chemical compounds .
It can form very reactive fluorine gas easily .
It can get colored when it is not pure .
It can hold other things .
It can increase fertility during sexual intercourse .
It can mean the way things are bought or sold .
It can not be done with all warts .
It can not give an intensity .
It can only be found in Jamaica .
It can react with halogens to make calcium halides like calcium chloride with chlorine .
It can refer to either a mythical figure or to a holiday personification .
It can run from an optical disc drive without using a hard disk .
It can the close the opening with a leathery hood formed from two specially folded tentacles .
It can transmit .
It carries Plasmodium to people .
It carries water from the Cascade Range about 715 m to southern California .
It causes a problem with how the human body deals with amino acid .
It causes cancer because of its high benzene content .
It causes little pollution .
It causes urticaria and potentially serious upper gastrointestinal symptoms .
It celebrates the ten years Pink has spent in the music industry .
It combines recordings he made there with a choir and orchestra singing .
It comes from Jamaica and Barbados and is commonly thought of as a Rastafarian hat .
It comes from Stewart Grand Prix .
It comes from an area called Mazovia near Warsaw where the people are called Mazurs .
It comes from the Greek letter kappa and is the same as the Roman K.
It comes from the Hindu tradition .
It comes from the name the Japanese gave to a typhoon that destroyed the Mongol ships in the 13th century and saved the country from invasion .
It comes from the phrase animal fancy .
It comes into Absolutism because it is based on duty and a universal law .
It comes up from the Bucegi Mountains of the Carpathians and flows into the Danube .
It comes with Snow Leopard Server and two 500GB hard drives .
It comprises various facilities .
It connected to the main line at Baker Street .
It connects Gilgit with Kaghan via Chilas .
It connects Upper New York Bay on its south end to Long Island Sound on its north end .
It connects the sheltered waters of West Bay to the open Gulf of Mexico .
It connects the small intestine to the rectum and anus .
It consisted of some land around the central house and estate buildings .
It consists mainly of hydrocarbons .
It consists of a chemical mixture which can change the color of hair by a chemical reaction .
It consists of carbon and sulfide ions .
It consists of four sets of five Mysteries .
It consists of one carbon atom covalently bonded to one oxygen atom .
It consists of true salamanders and newts .
It contained a bonus CD with 7 of their previous hit singles .
It contained a little statue of the Christ Child and had been left behind by some Spanish or Portuguese explorers many years earlier .
It contained the evils to be let loose on mankind .
It contains 30 teams .
It contains 56 protons and 56 electrons .
It contains Kaohsiung City .
It contains a lot of backports .
It contains a relic believed by many Muslims of India to be a hair of the Islamic prophet Muhammad .
It contains approximately 2700 a of redwood and grassland .
It contains barium and bromide ions .
It contains barium and carbonate ions .
It contains barium and chlorate ions .
It contains barium and hydroxide ions .
It contains barium and nitrate ions .
It contains barium and oxide ions .
It contains barium and peroxide ions .
It contains barium and sulfide ions .
It contains cadmium and telluride ions .
It contains calcium and bromate ions .
It contains calcium and nitrate ions .
It contains calcium and nitride ions .
It contains calcium and permanganate ions .
It contains carbon atoms that are fully saturated with hydrogen .
It contains manganese and fluoride ions .
It contains manganese and sulfate ions .
It contains no double bonds .
It contains the east half of New Guinea island and some more nearby islands .
It contains tin dioxide .
It continues to be popular .
It continues to have a high status among the arts .
It continues to hold a strong fanbase with many fansites devoted to it .
It continues to present day .
It contrasts to data parallelism as another form of parallelism .
It contrasts to task parallelism as another form of parallelism .
It corrodes in moist air and dissolves in acids .
It cost one penny .
It could be easily got to by sea .
It could get everywhere in the body .
It covers an area of 141 square kilometers .
It covers an area of 369.98 square kilometres .
It covers most of the area that is now Israel and Lebanon .
It covers nearly all of Duval County in North Florida .
It crystallizes in the cubic crystal system often showing octahedral forms .
It curls up into a ball and goes to sleep .
It current president is Levy Mwanawasa and has been independent since 24 October 1964 .
It currently caters for around 180 pupils .
It currently has a population of about 4.800 people .
It cuts a passage for itself through the softest soil and smallest stones .
It cuts traffic accident rates .
It darkens in air .
It dates back to 4000 BC when the Egyptians used them in holy places .
It dates back to approximately 1600 B.C. .
It dates to about 150 AD .
It deals with the relationship between State and individual .
It declined in the 1940s as mining declined .
It decomposes to barium oxide when heated in a vacuum .
It decomposes to make nitrogen dioxide and calcium oxide when heated .
It defines the stages of a pandemic and makes recommendations for national measures before and during a pandemic .
It delimits Onslow Bay to the west from Raleigh Bay to the east .
It describes the obesity of the singer and the situations it causes .
It destroys the food of the Flood .
It determines the exact operation of the code .
It did not cost very much money .
It did not grow much after the Civil War .
It did not make people very sick at the time it was used .
It did not stop castle building at first .
It did not win either award .
It died out as a natural community language in the 20th century .
It differs from a paddle because the head is a grid of strings instead of solid .
It dissolves easily in water .
It dissolves in water .
It dissolves in water easily .
It dissolves in water to make a basic solution .
It dissolves in water to make barium hydroxide .
It dissolves slightly in water .
It does not care about the actual machine that implements them .
It does not contain spoilers of the main adventures .
It does not dissolve in water .
It does not dissolve in water very good .
It does not have a regular amount of water flowing down it .
It does not have many industries .
It does not have many mountains .
It does not include information which has nothing to do with the Church .
It does not know how .
It does not need sunlight to grow and can stay in the same pot for many years .
It does not say that evolution is a lie and says Bible stories that man failed in the Garden of Eden and needed to be saved are explanations of deeper spiritual truths .
It does this by increasing the acidity of the cervical mucus and by moving debris out of the cervix .
It does this by taking them up from the environment and binding them to a hemoglobin molecule .
It does this by using a transaction .
It does this by using sexual functions .
It easily dissolves in water .
It eats nuts by cracking them open with its strong beak .
It either contains phosphorus or phosphorus sesquisulfide as the active ingredient and gelatin as a binder .
It emerged in 1994 in Afghanistan and was sponsored by Pakistan and Saudi Arabia .
It encompasses 980000 a. There are also 50 Golf Courses located within these counties
It ended in 1979 .
It ended in the defeat and death of Richard and the beginning of the Tudor dynasty .
It ended on December 20 of that year .
It entered the UK Albums Chart at number two .
It evaporates quite quickly .
It even had its military .
It even topped Music Bank for a consecutive 6 weeks .
It explains how smart children often see the world .
It explodes on contact with water .
It explored the planet Jupiter and its moons .
It faces the Mediterranean Sea .
It faces the historic city center on the European side of the Bosporus .
It features Jackie Chan and his niece Jade on their adventures trying to stop evil .
It features Mario and his friends driving race carts .
It features three older men who never get old and act like they are children .
It fell in Kazakhstan in Asia .
It fills up the cars feul tank if it is empty .
It finishes the story of the Halo trilogy .
It first appeared about 20 million years ago .
It first appeared in trial transcripts during the inquisition of the Knights Templar in the early 1300s .
It first debuted in 1978 in 41 US newspapers .
It first flew in 1955 and was introduced in 1960 .
It first mean that there would be a temporary interruption at places like factories .
It first opened in 1959 .
It first was shown on FOX in 1999 .
It flew air mail services for the Australian government .
It flows 700 km before joining the Indus River near Attock .
It flows across 350 Km and merge in Ganga river .
It flows also through the city of Loma de Cabrera .
It flows from Karnataka to Tamil Nadu .
It flows into Lake Lugano .
It flows through the city of Karachi from north east to the center before flowing into the Arabian Sea .
It flows through very dry parts of Australia .
It focused on the epic quality of the games storyline .
It follows that language is not just any way of communicating .
It follows the probable route of early Christian travellers making their way from Ireland to the Continent .
It follows then that environmental problems are human or social problems .
It follows then that machine translation of government and legal documents more readily produces usable output than conversation or less standardised text .
It formed part of an ancient route south of Manchester .
It forms part of a bigger road called the A41 .
It forms the base ingredient for a drug called aspirin .
It gained city status in 1853 .
It gained independence from South Africa in 1990 .
It gained land in the Chaco War against Bolivia .
It gathered data for 57 minutes until the great atmospheric heat and pressure destroyed the probe .
It gave considerable advantage because of the long shaft keeping the enemy at a safe distance .
It gets its name for because it looks like to a hairpin or bobby pin .
It gets more than one million visitors every year .
It gets stuck in the lungs and has been known to cause cancer .
It goes all the way from normal good weather OUTLOOK status all the way up through different levels .
It goes towards the east to a line between the head of the Ross Ice Shelf and Eights Coast .
It got its independence in 1965 .
It got its present name in 1961 .
It got to Number 14 on the Australian singles charts in 1987 .
It got under Roman power in 215 B.C. .
It groups them by level of learning .
It grows best in strong sunlight .
It grows on rocks in areas of low air pollution .
It had a deep sheltered harbor where visiting British warships could be repaired .
It had a horizontal axis and was a precursor to modern water turbines .
It had a lot of these in 1854 .
It had a population of 1.275 as of 2002 .
It had a population of about 2.8 million people in 2010 .
It had all the latest equipment of the time to allow it to run as a top secret defense base .
It had an image of Master Chief and the Halo 3 logo on the packaging .
It had been brought back as a present for the Holy Roman Emperor Rudolf II .
It had been constructed to carry water in the town of ancient Samos .
It had been the northern part of the Pangaea global supercontinent .
It had been thought that Lobatse would be the capital .
It had great influence on later English law .
It had its own parliament .
It had large brush strokes and had many drips and blobs of paint straight from the paint tube .
It had originally been published in February 2000 as part of the website for the Big Bad Baseball Annual .
It had some fighting with other companies in that area .
It had tiny horns behind its eyes and its arms were a bit longer than those of T. rex .
It had two intricately designed columned halls with the head of the goddess Hathor engraved in to each of them .
It happened in 1798 .
It happened in September 480 BC in the straits between the mainland and Salamis Island .
It happens on September 11 of each year .
It has 14 species .
It has 20 protons and 20 neutrons .
It has 25 protons .
It has 25 stations .
It has 3 or more broods per year .
It has 30 teams in Canada and the United States .
It has 31 days .
It has 38.400 inhabitants and is on the Saar .
It has 4 doors .
It has 78 municipalities .
It has 81 short chapters .
It has 83 islands .
It has 9 kilocalories in one gram .
It has a Cathedral and a large University .
It has a Mohs hardness of 2.5 to 3 .
It has a better light .
It has a body and a long and broad bill .
It has a body made of wood and a fingerboard which has frets .
It has a bright red bill with gray legs and feet .
It has a chemical formula of MnCl2 .
It has a choir at both ends .
It has a door to the outside by which visitors can enter .
It has a greater aspect .
It has a gridlike appearance because it is cooked in between two hot metal plates in an electric kitchen appliance called a waffle iron .
It has a half life of roughly 30 years .
It has a house full of characters who abuse various substances .
It has a lighthouse made from limestone built in 1859 .
It has a long coastline along the Arabian Sea in the south .
It has a long history .
It has a long story .
It has a policy of campaigning on educational issues as well as the conditions of service of its members .
It has a population of 250 and is the site of the historic Cambuskenneth Abbey .
It has a population of 560 people .
It has a population of about 1 million .
It has a population of about 1.2 million people .
It has a population of about 8800 people .
It has a population of just over 42 000 .
It has a population of over 7 million of people .
It has a railway station .
It has a rather large fin on its back for its size .
It has a reputation as a place of great natural beauty .
It has a reservoir size of 250 k. This makes it the largest earth filled dam in the world .
It has a round head with dark brown eyes while most owls in the eastern United States have yellow eyes .
It has a sequel called Mother 3 .
It has a single celled wall to help substances be transported through organisms .
It has a sister city called North Mankato .
It has a small smooth seed .
It has a smaller link port than the Game Boy Advance .
It has a tendency to spread unless cut back .
It has a thin cardboard cover .
It has a top speed of 574 knots .
It has a very large stage .
It has a very rich history .
It has a wing span of 1.5 m and weighs approximately 1.2 kg .
It has about 162.434 people who live in the city .
It has about 171.923 inhabitants in the city area .
It has about 40.000 inhabitants .
It has about 400 inhabitants and 4.95 km2 .
It has also been known to be used to make gin .
It has also been shown that these poisons are very different from those from other amphibians such as the arrow poison frogs .
It has also come to mean other kinds of suicide attack .
It has also gotten much drugs and crime because of how popular it is as well .
It has also left some marks in the region around the city .
It has also upgraded its facilities and fleet to counter the threat of smugglers and terrorists .
It has an active message board community .
It has an altitude of 53 metres and is the headquarters of Bakrani Taluka .
It has an area of 0.3 s.
It has an area of 30.8 k
It has an area of about 110 square miles .
It has an area of about 618 a. Heaton Park is a place that attracts many people every year .
It has an average depth of 7m .
It has an excellent rail and roads .
It has an online field guide of plants and animals called Enature.com .
It has an unusual rocky formation .
It has autonomy for jurisdiction and economy only slightly less than that of a province .
It has background vocals by Timbaland .
It has become a Christmas standard and has appeared on several Christmas albums .
It has become a common icon among heavy metal bands like Slayer and Venom .
It has become richer over the past couple of years because of the discovery of oil .
It has become the third largest university in the California State System . .
It has been a meeting point between the Latin and Greek parts of the Roman Empire .
It has been awarded 33 times to 28 different winners .
It has been both larger and smaller at different times .
It has been guessed that in the fighting 20 to 30 million people died .
It has been in Travelcard Zone 4 since 2 January 2007 .
It has been in existence for 97 years .
It has been in existence since 1653 .
It has been interpreted in different ways .
It has been part of the Formula One World Championship since 1967 .
It has been performed thousands of times all over the world .
It has been performing well in studies and sports .
It has been reprinted many times .
It has been said that no dog ever tries such an attack a second time .
It has been said that the prose of Principles of Knowledge was so difficult that it hindered his theories .
It has been sold for more than 200 years .
It has been suggested that the ecosystems of the two basins are different .
It has been thought of as a dividing point between northern and southern China .
It has been translated into all the major languages of the world .
It has been used ever since as a way to show the relations between scales .
It has been used for a long time .
It has been used since 1858 .
It has black fur and makes a loud and very scary screeching noise .
It has both a general and specific meaning .
It has cadmium and bromide ions in it .
It has cadmium and chloride ions in it .
It has cadmium and fluoride ions in it .
It has cadmium and iodide ions in it .
It has cadmium and oxide ions in it .
It has cadmium and sulfide ions in it .
It has characters from the Mario series of video games .
It has childrens programming like Arthur and Clifford the Big Red Dog .
It has deep blue feathers on its abdomen and head .
It has dense black fur .
It has done this by buying and building new locomotives and carriages .
It has drawings in traditional aboriginal style to tell a Dreamtime like story .
It has dry weather .
It has electronic devices like computers and printers that are used by the students .
It has erupted several times and at present is still erupting .
It has extremely good access as it is near some main cities .
It has five claws on its fore feet and four on its hind feet .
It has found lots of asteroids .
It has four other videos from the band .
It has gallium and arsenide ions in it .
It has had several changes of name because of the way that Russia has often changed .
It has had three democratic elections since 1991 .
It has held successful general elections in 1995 and 2000 .
It has hosted the AAA Championships and Paralympic World Cup .
It has huge tracts of excellent grazing after good rains .
It has increased the amount of rolling stock it has .
It has less people in Parliament than the Liberal Party .
It has longer legs and a look very similar to a lynx .
It has lots of dotted rhythms and the fourth note of the scale is often sharpened .
It has lots of old public transport vehicles .
It has made canyons with many scenic waterfalls .
It has made more than 40 recordings and toured widely throughout the world .
It has many beaches and tourists .
It has many islands .
It has many possible causes .
It has many schools .
It has many similarities with Portuguese .
It has many subsidiaries and offices .
It has many thorns .
It has more students apply to study there each year than any other college at Oxford .
It has more than 1126 coral reefs .
It has more than 19 million users .
It has much what is similar to Polish folk themes .
It has nice old houses with particular local architecture .
It has nine islands .
It has no tail .
It has now been restored and is a museum open to the public .
It has often been acted on stage and has been on TV .
It has often been the symbol of the Emperor or of a hero .
It has only one hundred spokers .
It has only one way in and a stone wall to protect it .
It has over four million members and supporters .
It has peaked at number eight on the Billboard charts .
It has pieces which were first written down between 1787 and 1793 .
It has remained the capital of the Republic of Cameroon until the present day .
It has royal relics of Joseon Dynasty .
It has several cabins that constantly move up and down .
It has several songs that are still played on the radio .
It has several things better about it than silicon .
It has similarities with both squid and octopi .
It has since been renamed BR Residuary Ltd but has yet to be abolished .
It has some climbing spots and has a valley in a valley .
It has spread quickly through the devil population .
It has strict rules on player amateurism .
It has the atomic number 103 .
It has the atomic number 108 .
It has the atomic number 110 .
It has the atomic number 46 .
It has the atomic number 57 .
It has the atomic number 62 which means it has 62 protons in an atom .
It has the atomic number 64 .
It has the atomic number 72 .
It has the atomic number 73 .
It has the best SAT scores of any school in the area .
It has the biggest commercial port in France .
It has the chemical symbol Cf . It has the atomic number 98 .
It has the chemical symbol Gd .
It has the chemical symbol Hf .
It has the chemical symbol La. .
It has the chemical symbol Pd .
It has the chemical symbol Ta .
It has the duty of getting the information on the weather and making the weather forecasts in Japan .
It has the formula CaCl2 .
It has the shape of a guitar .
It has the shape of an hourglass .
It has the symbol Ds .
It has the symbol Hs .
It has the symbol Lr .
It has the very best screen out of all the Game Boys .
It has this name because players call out eh !
It has this name because they play with a roundish and oval tool named tamburello or tambourine in English language .
It has three parts .
It has three types of leaves .
It has to be heated at around 1000 degrees Celsius .
It has to be held at the right distance between the eye and the object .
It has to be made .
It has to be very hot to melt it .
It has two allotropes .
It has two distinct parts .
It has two important regional seaports .
It has unlimited jurisdiction in each member State .
It has with one of the highest standards of living in the country .
It has won many awards and is the longest running cartoon ever .
It has won more championships than any other conference .
It has won the league seven times .
It heats up and gives out electrons .
It held that title until the release of Gears of War nearly two years later .
It held this record until the release of its sequel Halo 3 .
It helped him decide to emigrate to the United States .
It helped start the Chinese civlization .
It helped the company leave behind other watchmakers .
It helped to make paper cheap enough for everyone to buy .
It helps people to make their first opinion of you and can influence the opinions and ideas of other people .
It helps to protect the wind pipe by stopping it from inhaling food .
It helps to use more plastic wrap to prevent sticking here .
It holds in itself a repository of the cultural and social heritage of the country .
It honors Robinson with large quotations spanning the inner curve of the facade .
It hoped American companies would pay to sell their products on the program .
It hurts the environment by creating poisonous gases .
It included only the southern part which is nearest to the United States .
It included prophet Muhammad as a character and mentioned the Satanic verses in a way that can easily be understood as criticism of Muhammad .
It includes many 19th century hotels with large verandahs .
It includes phrases like SNAFU .
It inspired other international exhibitions of his work .
It introduced a common theme in her writing .
It is 1084.6 metres in height .
It is 112 k southwest of Adelaide in the state of South Australia .
It is 125 km to the west from the Black Sea .
It is 135 miles in very high heat .
It is 1370 km long .
It is 15 k southwest of Freiburg .
It is 167 KM distance from Lahore .
It is 235 m tall .
It is 25 kilometres off the Princes Highway and 523 k kilometres from Melbourne .
It is 30 km south of Milan .
It is 307 miles long by 118 miles wide .
It is 314 km from Islamabad and 51 km from Saidu Sharif Airport .
It is 36 volumes long .
It is 3917m high .
It is 413 km long .
It is 50 miles north of London .
It is 6 miles south of Gravesend and Dartford .
It is 67 kilometers long and usually 7 kilometers wide .
It is 7 miles from Bristol .
It is Greek for swelling .
It is a Celtic language of the Goidelic language family .
It is a Minnesota State Historic Site .
It is a North American close relative of the European pikeperch .
It is a Punjabi film starring legendary actor Sultan Rahi in the lead role and with Aseia and Mustafa Qureshi as the villain Noori Nuth .
It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
It is a bad sensation that is physical and emotional .
It is a base .
It is a basic means of displaying information .
It is a big sea port .
It is a big tunnel which is 1030 m long .
It is a biography of her early life .
It is a bright green ion .
It is a brown or black solid .
It is a capital of Targovishte Province .
It is a cereal grain that was first grown by people in ancient Central America .
It is a chemical or biochemical calcium carbonate corresponding to the formula CaCO3 and belongs to the carbonate mineral .
It is a city designated by government ordinance .
It is a close cousin of Singlish .
It is a coastal city and it has got a port which connect Zakynthos with Peloponnese .
It is a colorless liquid .
It is a common food for children in the US .
It is a common ingredient in drugs used against flu or colds .
It is a convenient date because it is when opera started .
It is a critically endangered species .
It is a custom in many parts of the world that women change their family name to that of their new husband when they marry .
It is a desert plant from dry Africa .
It is a district of Mugla Provience .
It is a doubly magic isotope .
It is a drug that is used to relieve pain .
It is a fantasy RPG .
It is a favorite meeting place for people .
It is a federal state made from 13 states .
It is a flower that preferes location with underect sun beams .
It is a former district seat and located on the river Mangfall about 35 miles southeast of Munich .
It is a fresh water lake .
It is a fully animated story that is set to the Discovery album from start to finish and with no additional words and only a few added sound effects .
It is a genus of around 80 species in the plant family Proteaceae .
It is a good addition to historic image of the city .
It is a good place to hike .
It is a group of African carnivorous insects discovered in 2002 .
It is a group of islands and its official language is Portuguese .
It is a herbaceous perennial plant and grows up to 1.5 m tall .
It is a historically black university .
It is a holiday .
It is a holiday to celebrate when Christians believe that Jesus Christ is said to have returned from the dead .
It is a hybrid of the tangerine and the sweet orange .
It is a kind of anemia .
It is a kind of trout .
It is a light pink crystalline solid .
It is a little harder than lead .
It is a lot like broccoli or Brussels sprouts .
It is a lot like the Japanese katana and the American Bowie knife .
It is a major cause of illness throughout the world .
It is a major rail junction .
It is a major stop for tourists on the Karakoram Highway which leads to China .
It is a mass of nerve cell bodies .
It is a measure of perpendicular force per unit area i.e. equal to one newton per square meter .
It is a measure of your speed compared to the speed of sound .
It is a member of ASEAN .
It is a member of Centrist Democrat International .
It is a member of the ARD public broadcasting group .
It is a member of the Bartonella genus .
It is a metal .
It is a mineral form of antimony trioxide .
It is a minor basilica of the Roman Catholic Church .
It is a modern and highly dependable force that operates a wide range of ships ranging from cruisers to destroyers as well as submarines .
It is a mound nester .
It is a muskmelon that is probably related to the watermelon .
It is a national holiday in Pakistan .
It is a net oriented novel .
It is a nocturnal creature and spends most of its waking hours looking for food in trees .
It is a parable about the final judgment .
It is a part of the Barisal Division .
It is a part of the Dhaka Division .
It is a part of the Mobile metropolitan statistical area .
It is a part of the Richemont group since 1996 .
It is a part of the Shire of Moorabool .
It is a part of the water cycle .
It is a peaceful village with about 1300 people living in it .
It is a piece of land that separates Port Phillip Bay and Westernport Bay .
It is a pink crystalline solid .
It is a place where people can talk in English .
It is a plain area with no hills .
It is a plate of chicken served with rice cooked in chicken oil .
It is a plateau and rich with resources .
It is a poison .
It is a popular tourist destination in the Pacific .
It is a port city .
It is a portmanteau of both countries .
It is a powerful oxidizing agent .
It is a principal forum that is mandated for considering national security and foreign policy matters with the senior national security advisors and Cabinet officials .
It is a project where they light a candle for every casualty .
It is a radioactive element that does not exist in nature .
It is a radioactive metal .
It is a rare earth element .
It is a rare metal .
It is a region between the Berkshire Downs and the River Thames .
It is a religious satire .
It is a sacrament usually performed by a priest .
It is a salt water lake with a higher concentration of salt than the sea water because the rivers that flow into the lake are small and the evaporation of its water is high .
It is a scene of terror .
It is a second use for the same data .
It is a separate life stage from the adult reproductive stage .
It is a silvery metal that easily turns black .
It is a similar term to flora in Botany .
It is a small city which is located in Eyritania district .
It is a splendid place to experience real gourmet food .
It is a state of Australia .
It is a strip of dry land about 5500 kilometers long and 450 kilometers wide .
It is a subset of civil engineering .
It is a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company .
It is a substance that can accept protons .
It is a suburb of Birmingham .
It is a suburb of Chicago .
It is a suburb of San Francisco .
It is a term about the cycle of cause and effect .
It is a theory of Charles Darwin that certain evolutionary traits can be explained by competition within a species .
It is a tonal language with 6 kinds of tones .
It is a tool .
It is a transuranium element .
It is a type of lipid .
It is a type of mental illness or mood disorder .
It is a type of radiometric dating .
It is a very big celebration in South Asia and is celebrated around April 13 .
It is a very difficult book .
It is a very difficult event and runners are advised to run many miles before they compete .
It is a very dry valley and without water it would be very difficult to grow any crop .
It is a very famous tourist spot .
It is a very important gate to the countries along the Baltic Sea and Eastern Europe .
It is a very important universal library .
It is a very large building .
It is a very large orchestra with about 150 players .
It is a very popular place for tourists to visit .
It is a very simple machine that is still produced today for use in small hydro sites .
It is a very special instrument of Manipur .
It is a visible token of the reality of god .
It is a walkway up the mountains with 699 steps .
It is a weak reducing agent and moderate oxidizing agent .
It is a well known area for ships that pass to the east in the sea between southern Africa and Antarctica .
It is a white or gray solid .
It is a white powder .
It is a yellowish liquid .
It is about 1 to 2 hours west of Detroit .
It is about 1.5 meters long or 5 feet .
It is about 100 km away from Chichen Itza .
It is about 100 km southwest of Baghdad .
It is about 12 miles long .
It is about 14 k wide at its widest point between Romanshorn and Friedrichshafen .
It is about 200km west of Sydney .
It is about 22 km southwest of Downtown Ottawa .
It is about 25 Km east of Amman .
It is about 260 km from Bangkok .
It is about 30 kilometres northwest of Caen .
It is about 360 miles southeast of Manila .
It is about 45 k west of Munich .
It is about 50 k south of Tokyo .
It is about 50 m long .
It is about 600 meters above sea level .
It is about a Home Guard platoon during World War II .
It is about a troubled novelist who moves to Los Angeles .
It is about a woman named Kate Reed who is a former lawyer turned mediator .
It is about diseases that affect breathing .
It is about east of Madagascar .
It is about half way between Metz and Nancy .
It is about handling grief and tragedy .
It is about one third of the size of the computer itself .
It is about remembering family or friends who have died .
It is about the Chinese characters that are borrowed from the Chinese language and used in the Korean language with Korean pronunciation .
It is about the classification of all things living .
It is about the life of a Roman Emperor called Caligula .
It is about the singer wants Mexican food and his visit to a fake Mexican restaurant .
It is across the bay from San Francisco .
It is actually an elaborate scheme by Lord Voldemort to lure Harry into a deadly trap .
It is actually in the same animal family as the horse and the rhinoceros .
It is added to flour to make it better in some areas .
It is advisable to acquire the services of a local guide for any hiking trip in view of the presence of wildlife in the surrounding forests .
It is after the Volga Delta in size .
It is aimed at a preschool children .
It is almost always fatal without antibiotics .
It is along Catalino Ll .
It is along the Highway 417 .
It is also a Banner of Universal Peace and Harmony .
It is also a lovely beach town that is popular with those who prefer a small town atmosphere over the large scale beach party that is Kuta .
It is also a popular destination for refugees who try to enter the European Union that way .
It is also a port .
It is also a tool for analyzing recursion .
It is also a way to prepare meat which is then cooked with that instrument .
It is also about the same distance to Peshawar in Pakistan to the east .
It is also added to cosmetics to keep the ingredients from separating .
It is also an anime series .
It is also an unofficial national food in Malaysia .
It is also apparent that masturbation frequency declines with age .
It is also at the intersection of Bourke Street and Spring Street .
It is also available for the Game Boy Advance and PC .
It is also been seen as one of the founders of trip hop .
It is also called Lettish and Lettisch .
It is also called branched chain ketoaciduria .
It is also called the Great Grey Kangaroo and the Forester Kangaroo .
It is also called the Manding Empire or Manden Kurufa .
It is also called the Sea of Tranquillity .
It is also claimed to contain beneficial bacteria which aid digestion and boost immunity .
It is also considered cold in the winter time compared to other cities .
It is also found as a personal name in some countries .
It is also found in the lower parts of eastern Canada .
It is also found on the Arnhem Land plateau and in Gregory National Park .
It is also found out that Daxter is a Precursor too .
It is also good for the skin and hair .
It is also grown in other areas of southern Asia including Myanmar and Afghanistan .
It is also harmful if a human drinks it .
It is also home to the headquarters of the United Nations .
It is also important for its culture and art .
It is also important to know where the person got malaria .
It is also interesting to know that hawks might attack and kill a squirrel but only eat small portions of it .
It is also known as E954 .
It is also known as Giant Milkweed .
It is also known as Roostertree .
It is also known as Sweet Basil or Tulsi .
It is also known as White Twinevine .
It is also known as a long dozen .
It is also known as a walk .
It is also known as city of Gardens .
It is also known as the Promethea Silkmoth or the Spicebush Silkmoth .
It is also known as the Song of Mary .
It is also known as the voicebox .
It is also listed with the California Office of Historic Preservation .
It is also made by heating manganese carbonate .
It is also made in many other flavors and colors .
It is also made in muscles when a person exercises .
It is also made when calcium burns in air .
It is also one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is also one of the bloodiest battles in all of human history in terms of the number of lives lost within a single day .
It is also one of the few zoos in the world that houses the giant panda .
It is also one of the greatest example of mediaeval Norman architecture in Britain .
It is also one of the largest volcanoes measuring 60 miles long and 30 miles wide .
It is also one of the official languages of Singapore .
It is also part of the body for many male animals .
It is also part of the district of the Vale of White Horse .
It is also part of the platinum group .
It is also popular with a side of or on top of pasta .
It is also possible that there are also pieces of the earth on Mars .
It is also possible to charter public flights to and from this airport .
It is also possible to have two fathers or two mothers .
It is also rumored that Boreanaz will star in the upcoming movie Jurassic Park 4 which will be released some time in 2008 .
It is also signatory to the Lome Convention .
It is also sometimes called the Third Reich which means The Third Empire .
It is also sometimes used in making lemonade .
It is also spoken as a second language by some Brahui .
It is also spoken of as proof that God will judge the world fairly .
It is also the 2nd largest in the United States that is not directly connected to an interstate .
It is also the 2nd largest party in Local Government and the 2nd largest UK party in the European Parliament .
It is also the biggest city in that country .
It is also the capital of Tashkent Province .
It is also the capital of the Dar es Salaam Region .
It is also the capital of the Province of Cagliari .
It is also the capital of the Saarland .
It is also the capital of the canton of Vaud .
It is also the day of worship for Jewish people .
It is also the deepest known location on Earth itself .
It is also the first Mario Kart game ever to have computer opponents in battle mode .
It is also the headquarters of Barisal Division .
It is also the most common language of overseas Chinese in Southeast Asia and North America .
It is also the name of the capital of that state .
It is also the only genre that started with popular arts and led to ethnic arts in Korea .
It is also the only river that a vessel bigger than a boat can travel up .
It is also the primary mineral in metamorphic marble .
It is also the regional center of Eastern Visayas .
It is also the site where the Kano river project was developed .
It is also the word for a painted work of art .
It is also their National fruit .
It is also toxic because of barium ions .
It is also used as a drug .
It is also used as a neutron absorber in control rods in nuclear power plants .
It is also used as a symbol in mathematics .
It is also used as fuel for cars and to make fertilizers .
It is also used for concerts .
It is also used for electroplating .
It is also used for pop concerts and other sporting events .
It is also used in cathode ray tubes .
It is also used in fireworks to make a green color .
It is also used in lasers .
It is also used in making bricks .
It is also used in making organic chemicals .
It is also used in matches to make oxygen and make the match burn faster .
It is also used in photoresistors that are sensitive to infrared and red light .
It is also used to glaze ceramics .
It is also used to help advertise summer barbecues .
It is also used to make barium oxide .
It is also used to make kimchi and borscht .
It is also used to make organocadmium compounds .
It is also used to tell the bees where water can be found .
It is always a big crime in fascist countries to speak against the leader or ruling party .
It is always happens on a Sunday but the date each year changes .
It is among the most famous in English history .
It is among the most important salts of barium .
It is amongst the most densely populated areas on Earth .
It is an Arabic phrase meaning Haven of Peace .
It is an Australian action film directed by George Miller .
It is an accredited Spa town at the Ulster River .
It is an acid .
It is an act of completion of a commercial activity .
It is an adjective .
It is an agricultural town about 265km from Karachi .
It is an alkaline earth metal .
It is an approach more related to software than to hardware .
It is an asexual form of reproduction found in females where growth and development of embryos occurs without fertilization by a male .
It is an endangered subspecies of the Markhor within in Pakistan it is the Provincial animal of Afghania .
It is an energetic and acrobatic dance .
It is an expensive medical procedure to have .
It is an iconic symbol of Karachi throughout the world .
It is an important area for growing crops in Indonesia .
It is an important city for tourists .
It is an important economic center .
It is an important part of many religions such as Hinduism and Buddhism .
It is an important site for its low clear skies .
It is an important text to Chinese culture .
It is an inhibiting neurotransmitter .
It is an instrument for detecting and measuring electric current .
It is an instrument or tool of the project management invented by the engineer Henry L. Gantt .
It is an invented language .
It is an island in the Mediterranean Sea .
It is an official Olympic sport .
It is an old Victorian town which was built around its famous water .
It is an oxidizing agent .
It is an unusual three level structure .
It is approximately 75 km west of the town of Quesnel .
It is at Hamlet .
It is at least one thousand years old and is based on Sanskrit .
It is at the Suriname River about 15 km before the river flows into the Atlantic Ocean .
It is at the mouth of the Gascoyne River on the Indian Ocean .
It is at the mouth of the River Camel .
It is at the south western end of Brittany but it is in the Pays de la Loire region .
It is at the west of the district .
It is available in 180 countries .
It is awarded by universities .
It is awarded for 12 years service .
It is based around absolute zero .
It is based how the public believes the company will perform in the future .
It is based in the Melbourne suburb of Carlton .
It is based on Theravada Buddhism .
It is based on a common history and heritage .
It is based on a folkdance from the Provence .
It is based on a long line of Hindu understandings about the importance of the guru .
It is based on a mistake by Vasari .
It is based on living animals .
It is based on students learning by doing different things which are about what they are learning .
It is based on the WebKit engine .
It is based on the fictional world of her Max and Ruby books .
It is based on the ideas of Hartmut von Hentig .
It is based on the teen sitcom Hannah Montana .
It is based on the wild plants and animals that it thought that human species ate during the Paleolithic era .
It is based only on coffee .
It is beautifully lit at night .
It is because there are many fountains near the city .
It is being built in five parts of which the section from Bartley to Dhoby Ghaut is operational .
It is believed by Art Historians that Masaccio painted Mary and Jesus and the angel near the top right .
It is believed that Saint Anne and the other four angels were painted by Masolino .
It is believed that on this trip Masaccio also spent a lot of time poking around in the ruins .
It is believed that the bell was rung by Saint Patrick to let people know it was time for church .
It is believed that they were meant for ceremonies .
It is believed to be 183 BC .
It is believed to have been spread to Eurasia and the New World from Africa via the slave trade during the Columbian Exchange .
It is best known for being one of the best places to ski in North America .
It is best known for making The Chronicles of Narnia film series .
It is best known for their reaction game bop it .
It is better then nowhere .
It is between 50 and 175 metres below the ground .
It is between Estonia and Russia in Northern Europe .
It is between Farringdon and Moorgate .
It is between Loanhead and Dalkeith .
It is between Notting Hill Gate and Paddington .
It is between the Black Sea and the Caspian Sea in the Caucasus region .
It is between the Ross Ice Shelf and the Ross Sea to the west and the Pacific Ocean to the north .
It is bigger than East Timor but smaller than Swaziland .
It is bigger than Tajikistan but smaller than Nepal .
It is bigger than a mobile phone but smaller than a PC .
It is black and powdery .
It is black because of impurities .
It is blasphemy to believe anything else .
It is both a mode of visual communication and also a means of arranging data .
It is broadcast from NBC studios in New York City .
It is built on a limestone part of the national park and nearly all the buildings are built of limestone .
It is built on the North Fork of the Kentucky River .
It is built on the shores of Trinity Bay .
It is by the Lake Constance .
It is by the river Ilfis between the cities of Bern and Luzern .
It is called Bamanankan in Bambara .
It is called Basilica of Our Lady of Peace of Yamoussoukro .
It is called Hallstatt culture .
It is called Makemake after the god of the ancient civilization that lived on Easter island .
It is called Parliament Hill because it is on a hill above the Ottawa River .
It is called a rainbow trout because its scales are colorful and shiny .
It is called a sea because ancient astronomers looked at the Moon and thought they saw seas and oceans on the Moon .
It is called guaranine when it comes from the guarana plant and theine when it comes from a tea plant .
It is called mateine in the mate drink .
It is called the Ride of the Valkyries .
It is called the loggione .
It is called the middle ages because it was between ancient history and modern history .
It is called the water cycle .
It is called this because those are the first two words in Hebrew of the beliefs .
It is capable of producing disorienting flashes of light for fractions of a second to several minutes in duration .
It is carcinogenic .
It is caused by parasites .
It is celebrated on March 17 all over Ireland and everywhere in the world where Irish people or their descendants live .
It is celebrated on the third Monday in January and is one of only four United States Federal holidays to honor an individual person .
It is celebrated on the third Monday of the month of January .
It is classified as a Dardic Language but this is more of a geographical classification than a linguistic one .
It is classified as an ice cap glacier .
It is close to Carluke and Biggar .
It is close to the border with Hampshire .
It is closed on Tuesdays .
It is closely related to guinea pigs and to chincillas .
It is colorless .
It is colorless to white .
It is common in Australia and can also be found in New Guinea .
It is common in Roman Catholic services and occasionally is to be found in Anglican services .
It is common that sell the heat once .
It is common to dip the bread into olive oil when it is eaten .
It is commonly used in Indian cooking .
It is concentrated during summer months and can be unreliable .
It is connected to the liver and the duodenum by the biliary tract .
It is considered a form of body art .
It is considered a masterpiece of High Renaissance architecture .
It is considered the holiest place on Earth by Muslims .
It is considered the most beautiful beach in the city .
It is considered to be one of the leading examples of Early English architecture .
It is considered to be one of their signature songs .
It is continued until the heart can be restarted or the cause is diagnosed .
It is controlled by the United States Army and United States Air Force .
It is covered by the National Weather Service Forecast Office in North Little Rock .
It is created by Hiro Mashima .
It is crossed by several rivers .
It is currently headed by Ms. Catalina C. Policarpio .
It is currently ruled by Hamas .
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Queen of the South F.C. .
It is dark on the rain forest floor .
It is day time on the side of the Earth that is facing the Sun .
It is derived from orchids in the genus Vanilla .
It is designed to be attached to a rifle barrel or similar weapon .
It is developed by Ensemble Studios .
It is different from the drug naloxone .
It is different from work .
It is different to leather in that parchment is limed but not tanned .
It is difficult to assess the impact of these settlements on the local Aboriginal people and the type of relationship that developed between them and the British .
It is difficult to compare the effectiveness of the different existing arts .
It is difficult to grow Wasabi .
It is difficult to know exactly when naturism began as an action group .
It is directed by Eric Darnell and written by Etan Cohen .
It is distributed either dried or salted .
It is distributed over African and Asian deserts .
It is divided into three acts .
It is divided into two parts by the South China Sea .
It is done in the style of the band Devo .
It is easily grown throughout the southeast .
It is easily reached by metro or bus from anywhere in the city .
It is easy to break one stick in half .
It is easy to tear tatamiberi when stepping in the weakest part .
It is easy to think Tertullian and Hippolytus misrepresented the opinions of their opponents .
It is either a small tree with many branches or a shrub of the Thar desert and other hot and dry regions in southern Asia .
It is element 48 on the periodic table .
It is eleven miles south of Windsor .
It is endemic to Japan .
It is endemic to Pakistan .
It is equal to 1.069 litre .
It is especially popular in Australia and in certain parts of the United States .
It is essential to keep the diet for a long time to prevent a repeat of the trouble .
It is estimated that the track has a top speed of around 323 k. Valencia is not as tight as Circuit de Monaco .
It is estimated to be 2.5 million years old .
It is even performed before the beginning of the Rasalila .
It is even possible to work with single atoms .
It is exercised on the last month of the training and is to ensure that the soldiers can trust each other with their lives .
It is extremely difficult to get tickets because so many people want to go .
It is extremely reactive .
It is extremely toxic .
It is famous for Donghwa Temple and Gatbawi .
It is famous for Hollywood stars and others who are associated with the entertainment industry .
It is famous for being the birthplace of King Alfred the Great .
It is famous for its Information technology industry and is called the Silicon Valley of India .
It is famous for its beautiful blue color .
It is famous for its billboard advertisements and magazine ads of the Marlboro Man .
It is famous for its castle and its historic buildings .
It is famous for the Santa Monica Pier that has many fun rides .
It is far from Bangkok about 500 kms .
It is farmed in some places .
It is fast because it does not stop at other stations .
It is fed by 28 rivers and streams .
It is flanked by aisles separated from the nave by an arcade .
It is folded into a crescent shape before it is cooked .
It is formed from two glucose molecules joined together at carbons 1 and 4 .
It is found along the banks of the West Nishnabotna River .
It is found at .
It is found between Sturgeon Bay and the village of Egg Harbor .
It is found everywhere except for North America .
It is found in Africa primarily the Sudan .
It is found in Group 12 on the periodic table .
It is found in North America and South America .
It is found in chemical compounds .
It is found in folklore .
It is found in nature on earth but is found in other parts of the universe .
It is found in southern North America and northern South America .
It is found in the Aquitaine region in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
It is found in the Nagar Valley about 100 kilmotres north of the city of Gilgit .
It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Sarthe department in the west of France .
It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France .
It is found in the Republic of India and Pakistan .
It is found in the intestines of many types of animals .
It is found in the mineral tantalite .
It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France .
It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
It is found in the town of Stroncone in Italy .
It is found in tropical and subtropical oceans worldwide .
It is found inside of the town of Egg Harbor .
It is found mainly in Papua New Guinea between 2000 and 3000 meters above sea level .
It is found naturally as the mineral pyrolusite .
It is found naturally in the earth .
It is found on the St. Marys River .
It is found on the border between Canada and the United States of America .
It is found only in China .
It is from Africa .
It is from Gravity Corp. .
It is from the South African border .
It is generally thought that Uhmad Ahmad Lahauri was in charge of the construction .
It is given in Latin and English below .
It is given to show them how much it would cost to have the work done .
It is grown as an ornamental plant .
It is grown by people in Oceania .
It is guarded by Indian and Pakistani troops .
It is half of the diameter .
It is hard to tell which one Tchaikovsky would have preferred .
It is has two main groups .
It is heavily mined in Northumberland .
It is held at the end of November in the Tokyo Racecourse .
It is held every year .
It is held on the last Saturday of March every year .
It is her first and only complete novel .
It is high in fat and very cheap .
It is higher than the ground .
It is highly resistant to weathering and forms steep gray crags .
It is his job to prevent wizards from illegally magicking Muggle objects .
It is home to Scottish Football League side Greenock Morton F.C. .
It is home to Scottish Premier League football club Falkirk F.C.
It is home to The Cathedral Prep Ramblers .
It is home to a major hydroelectric power plant at Thurlow Dam operated by Alabama Power Company .
It is home to over 1.6 million people .
It is home to the University of North Florida .
It is home to the club Bradford City A.F.C. .
It is home town of Sialkot International Airport and Sialkot Dry Port .
It is how they do their learning .
It is illegal in India to exclude all or part of Kashmir in a map .
It is important for doctors to learn about malaria treatment .
It is important for making things .
It is important the dough is not too thick but not too watery .
It is important to display a valid disabled badge in the car .
It is important to know how cells work .
It is important to note that our only sources available for our understanding of Sabellianism are from people who opposed it .
It is impossible to have a hair color that is not passed down genetically by both mother and father .
It is impossible to know whether Nadezhda knew he was gay or whether that would have made a difference to her feelings .
It is in Aichi prefecture .
It is in Amdo County .
It is in Metcard Zone 2 .
It is in Travelcard Zone 1 .
It is in Travelcard Zone 2 .
It is in Travelcard Zone 3 .
It is in a hilly area .
It is in a part of London which is called Marylebone .
It is in parallel with Interstate 5 .
It is in the Alps .
It is in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina .
It is in the Blayney Shire .
It is in the Borough of Congleton .
It is in the Dordogne departement in Aquitaine .
It is in the French speaking part of Belgium .
It is in the Ivy League .
It is in the Los Angeles County area .
It is in the Muldentalkreis district in the state of Saxony in eastern Germany .
It is in the South Atlantic Ocean .
It is in the Taunton Deane District .
It is in the Vaccinium genus .
It is in the Yass Valley Shire .
It is in the coast of the Atlantic Ocean .
It is in the country of South Africa .
It is in the county of Gwynedd .
It is in the county of Sussex .
It is in the eastern part of the Anahim Volcanic Belt .
It is in the family Nymphalidae .
It is in the northeastern part of Iowa .
It is in the northeastern part of the Indian Ocean .
It is in the northern part of the country .
It is in the northwest of the country .
It is in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
It is in the region Pays de la Loire .
It is in the region called Silicon Valley close to Stanford University .
It is in the same family as Scottish and Irish .
It is in the southwestern part of Singapore .
It is in the state of Massachusetts .
It is in the western part of the state on the eastern edge of the Black Hills .
It is included in the Central Karakoram National Park .
It is included in the Mobile metropolitan statistical area .
It is included in the rosid group of the eudicots in the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group II classification system .
It is intensely radioactive and used as an industrial gamma ray source .
It is joined onto to the skull .
It is just above of the equator .
It is just below a series of rapids .
It is just south of an area of outstanding natural beauty called the Lake District .
It is just supervision .
It is just west of the Greenbelt .
It is kept in the National Library of Australia and can be seen online .
It is kept there by gravity .
It is kept till the present day .
It is known as a leader in the field of agricultural research .
It is known as a place where information can be exchanged .
It is known as a soap opera .
It is known as an island of a thousand temples .
It is known as homologous recombination of transgenic DNA .
It is known as one of the biggest game websites on the Internet .
It is known as quicklime .
It is known as the Palmyra Atoll National Wildlife Refuge .
It is known as this because it was the place where the Battle of Hastings was fought .
It is known for its crystal structure .
It is known for its historic castle and as the home of Lafcadio Hearn .
It is known for its very stylized acting and the elaborate makeup worn by the actors .
It is known for the hairy balls it has .
It is known that he studied Tuscan poetry .
It is known throughout the world as an iconic home of football and celebrated its centenary on October 31 2003 .
It is larger than Denmark but smaller than Estonia .
It is led by Sir Richard Leese .
It is less common as a first name .
It is less volatile than osmium tetroxide .
It is like a contract .
It is like a garage but for aircraft instead of cars .
It is like a pie or tart .
It is like an error in thinking .
It is like both the other types .
It is like many other medical terms because it comes from Greek .
It is like the ones from the time of Mozart .
It is likely that King Edward loved Jane .
It is likely that he died in his 90th or 91st year .
It is listed as Sloth as one of the seven deadly sins .
It is listed as the best university in Sweden .
It is located 100 km west of the Western African coast line and 11 km north of the neighbouring island Fuerteventura .
It is located 150 km west of Toronto near the 403 highway .
It is located 23 km east of the city of Giessen .
It is located 25 km east of Frankfurt am Main .
It is located 5 km north of Abbottabad city near the Thandiani Hills at a height of 1300 metres .
It is located 6.4 m north east of Charing Cross .
It is located 65 km northeast from the city .
It is located about 11 km northwest of Florence .
It is located about 50 k northwest of Islamabad .
It is located across the Mississippi River from Minneapolis .
It is located along the D307 Road .
It is located along the south coast of the country .
It is located around Nakhodka Bay .
It is located at .
It is located at the south of St. Vincent .
It is located between the cities of Portsmouth and Chichester .
It is located between the cities of Zorah and Eshtaol .
It is located between two lakes on both banks of the Bolupite river .
It is located close to Totland in the west of the island .
It is located downtown .
It is located four kilometres from Newport in the center of the island .
It is located in Barking in the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham in East London .
It is located in Hertfordshire .
It is located in Hillsborough County .
It is located in Natrona County .
It is located in Normandy .
It is located in Teton County .
It is located in northern Cook County .
It is located in the East of the historical region Bohemia .
It is located in the French speaking part of Belgium .
It is located in the Punjab province and is the capital of Bahawalnagar District .
It is located in the Punjab province and is the capital of Bahawalpur District .
It is located in the Punjab province and is the capital of Faisalabad District .
It is located in the Punjab province and is the capital of Talagang Tehsil .
It is located in the West of the historical region Bohemia .
It is located in the center of Greece in the district of Thessaly .
It is located in the city of Mecca .
It is located in the district of Bamberg in Upper Franconia .
It is located in the east of Aegean sea .
It is located in the island of Upolu .
It is located in the metropolitan area of Santiago .
It is located in the north of the district .
It is located in the northwest of the Iberian Peninsula .
It is located in the northwest of the province of Toledo .
It is located in the northwestern part of the country .
It is located in the south west of the district and borders Haripur District .
It is located in the southeastern part of the country .
It is located in the west of the district .
It is located in the western part of the country .
It is located near Mohokare River .
It is located nine kilometres from Newport in the southwest of the island .
It is located off the coast of Africa in the Indian Ocean .
It is located on the Ager and Traun Rivers .
It is located on the Arabian Sea .
It is located on the Baja California peninsula .
It is located on the Chena River .
It is located on the Spree River .
It is located on the border between Germany and Switzerland and Austria .
It is located on the coast of the Indian Ocean .
It is located on the island of Pohnpei .
It is located on the mucous membranes of the mouth .
It is located on the northeastern part of the island of Borneo facing the South China Sea .
It is located on the northern coast of Bioko Island .
It is located on the right bank of Indus River .
It is located on the west coast of India near the far south of the mainland .
It is located some 30 km away from the district capital Larkana .
It is located to the extreme East of Basseterre Bay .
It is located where the little river Kinzig joins the river Main .
It is made by burning calcium in nitrogen .
It is made by dissolving barium oxide in water .
It is made by heating barium oxide .
It is made by reacting arsenic trichloride or arsenic with gallium .
It is made by reacting barium carbonate with nitric acid .
It is made by reacting cadmium with iodine .
It is made by reacting manganese with hydrochloric acid or hydrogen chloride .
It is made by reacting methane with chlorine .
It is made by reduction of barium sulfate with carbon at a high temperature .
It is made by the destructive distillation of organic matter .
It is made during the making of permanganates .
It is made from a kind of yeast .
It is made of 33 combat ships .
It is made of a complex system of paths .
It is made of cadmium and sulfate ions .
It is made of calcium and phosphate ions .
It is made of marble and is 17 feet tall .
It is made of material that will not burn .
It is made of one carbon and two oxygen atoms .
It is made of pureed white fish and processed with preservatives like MSG to keep its freshness .
It is made of red brick and ceramic tiles .
It is made to fit neatly with the chamber of a gun .
It is made to show people how to play Wii .
It is made up of 81 different academic units .
It is made up of 96 councillors .
It is made up of several small islands .
It is made up of the Revolutionary Council and House of Representatives .
It is made when carbon compounds burn and there is not enough oxygen .
It is made when nitric acid reacts with calcium phosphate .
It is made when stibnite is oxidized .
It is mainly in southeastern Utah with a small portion in northeastern Arizona in the United States .
It is mainly in the United States .
It is mainly resident .
It is mainly used to purify brine but applications include fireworks .
It is mainly white with five horizontal bands in the UCI colors around the chest .
It is maintained by the UK Forestry Commission .
It is majoritarily rural and it has not too much tourist activity .
It is malleable and ductile .
It is managed as a nature reserve by the United States .
It is managed by the kernel of the operating system .
It is means Snow piles up on the vast mountain .
It is means White head mountain .
It is meant to stop the loss of wetland areas now and in the future .
It is measured in degrees .
It is more common in young men .
It is more than 1600 years old .
It is more than three thousand kilometres long .
It is most common in the Pantanal region of Brazil and the Eastern Chaco region of Paraguay .
It is most common in the United States .
It is most common in young men .
It is most famous as the place where Camembert cheese originated .
It is most important to get a young cat vaccinated against some of the most deadly diseases .
It is mostly aluminium oxide .
It is mostly formed by ice and snow .
It is mostly in the historical land Masovia .
It is mostly ionic but a little covalent .
It is mostly used in steel where it helps strengthen the steel metal .
It is much harder to burn methane in sulfur .
It is much less reactive than the other manganese fluorides .
It is much smaller than the other Game Boys and has a much brigher screen than the SP .
It is much stronger than a regular bullet and can burn something from five miles away .
It is named 343 Guilty Spark .
It is named after Calypso in Greek mythology .
It is named after Charles Darwin .
It is named after Democratic President Andrew Jackson .
It is named after Julius Caesar who used it to communicate with his army .
It is named after King Faisal of Saudi Arabia .
It is named after Lord Rayleigh .
It is named after Louis Pasteur .
It is named after Mark Twain .
It is named after a girl named Barbara .
It is named after a wharf that was built there in 1297 .
It is named after the Austrian physicist Ernst Mach .
It is named after the British explorer William Baffin .
It is named after the Jordanian royal family the Hashemites and was established by royal decree in 1992 .
It is named after the Saanich First Nation .
It is named after the town of Ramsar in Iran .
It is named the San Marino Grand Prix after the nearby republic of San Marino .
It is native to Southwest Asia .
It is native to southeast Asia .
It is native to southeastern United States and Texas .
It is naturally found in South Africa .
It is near Albi .
It is near Fryeburgh .
It is near the Franconian city ofCoburg .
It is near the University of Wyoming .
It is near the border of North Dakota and Minnesota .
It is near the city of Antioch .
It is near the city that is now called Boston .
It is near the town of Agulhas .
It is near the town of Warwick .
It is near to subway station and many foreigners visit to enjoy the spa .
It is next to the River Tees and the River Leven .
It is next to the River Thames .
It is no threat to humans .
It is nocturnal and it is good at climbing .
It is normally a good idea because it often moves the king into a safer place .
It is normally dryer than normal bread .
It is normally made artificially .
It is normally made for breakfast .
It is normally not possible to see a waveform without some device .
It is north of Trinidad and Tobago .
It is north of the City of Victoria .
It is northeast of Los Angeles on Interstate 210 and the Metro Gold Line .
It is not a good choice for people trying to lose weight .
It is not a sphere and shows no sign of any geological changes .
It is not a state .
It is not a theory liked by any scientists today .
It is not about poking fun at something .
It is not always done to the point of orgasm .
It is not always easy for us to recognize these words because the Japanese language does not have some of the sounds that we do in English .
It is not as easy to ignite .
It is not easy to see caracals in nature because they hide very well .
It is not far from Portsmouth .
It is not far from the border with East Sussex .
It is not far from the border with Powys in Wales .
It is not hard to tell which scenes Masolino painted and which were done by Masaccio .
It is not known the exact reason for the sinking .
It is not known when Peter was born .
It is not known when the species breeds in the wild or when its nesting season is .
It is not known why these paintings were made .
It is not opened every Monday .
It is not opened in January 1st and every Monday .
It is not possible to insert data into the database that violates these integrity constraints .
It is not printed on Sundays .
It is not the same as the old Hessian Nationaldemokratischen Partei .
It is not to be confused with Cannobio in nearby Italy .
It is not to be confused with the Scottish game of shinty .
It is not to be confused with the national anthem of India .
It is not used outdoors or where it will come into repeated contact with water such as around a sink or bathtub .
It is not well known when Jarrow was first built .
It is not yet known what causes narcolepsy .
It is notable for its ancient castle built by Edward II of England next to the River Seiont .
It is now a popular place for old people to retire to .
It is now best known for distributing plush animals and collectables .
It is now classed in the family Gavialidae .
It is now commonly seen as far west as California .
It is now on display in the Cairo Museum .
It is now one of 6 divisions of Bangladesh .
It is now the main area in the battle to save the Tasmanian Devil from extinction .
It is now the site a memorial for this campaign .
It is now the third most important cereal crop in the world .
It is now thought that he was probably the 13th century Hungarian king Stephen I. .
It is now under the control of Adobe .
It is now used all over the world and changed for the country it is used in .
It is occasionally used as a garnish in basmati rice and other dishes .
It is of Sir John on his war horse .
It is of volcanic origin .
It is officially called the Islamic Republic of Pakistan .
It is often a green paste used with sashimi and sushi .
It is often a white or pale tan color .
It is often associated with witches .
It is often called The David .
It is often eaten with sushi .
It is often found on many pub menus in the county and in other places in Britain .
It is often identified as the place in which Abraham lived before he reached Canaan .
It is often referred to by the letters PPC .
It is often run in web browser applications to create dynamic content like message boxes popping up or a live clock .
It is often said that kangaroo numbers have increased since the European settlement of Australia .
It is often served with green tea .
It is often shortened to analysis .
It is often talked about in the context of pulmonary capillaritis .
It is often thought the opposite of love .
It is often used as a voluntary for weddings .
It is often used in astronomy meaning something that the general public can see a star without any help .
It is often used in large orchestras but can also be used in marching bands and other music groups .
It is often used in miso soup and salads .
It is often used in the theater to create the appearance of fog or smoke .
It is often used to help alcohol dependence and opioid dependence .
It is often used with other ingredients .
It is often wildly chromatic .
It is on an old walking track which led west through the mountains to Unalakleet .
It is on the Atlantic coast .
It is on the Circle and District lines .
It is on the Cumberland River in Davidson County .
It is on the Hume Highway which is the main road between Melbourne and Sydney .
It is on the Peloponnese peninsula .
It is on the lower center of the vulva .
It is on the north shore of the Firth of Forth .
It is on the rainy east side of the island .
It is on the river Main .
It is on the shore of the Sea of Marmara .
It is on the south coast of England .
It is on the south east of the East Coast .
It is on the southern coast .
It is one of eight towns in Hashtnagar .
It is one of his most popular works .
It is one of nine official languages of Pakistan .
It is one of several Mesoamerican sites that have Olmec and Maya features .
It is one of the 22 official languages of India .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the Line Islands .
It is one of the basic units of science .
It is one of the best preserved deltas on the continent .
It is one of the best things .
It is one of the biggest universities in Mexico and Latin America .
It is one of the earliest plants that people grew .
It is one of the five rivers which give Punjab its name .
It is one of the five stations on the City Loop .
It is one of the four terrestrial planets in our Solar System .
It is one of the four valleys in which the Province of Arezzo is divided .
It is one of the greatest musical works ever written .
It is one of the largest cities in the Philippines .
It is one of the largest dams in the world at 128 m high and 579 m long .
It is one of the largest palace in all of Western Europe .
It is one of the largest roles written by Shakespeare .
It is one of the largest sites with carved monuments on the Pacific coast .
It is one of the largest snakes in the world .
It is one of the least populated regions in the area .
It is one of the longest place names in the world .
It is one of the main tourist region of the country with several important resorts .
It is one of the most densely populated areas on Earth .
It is one of the most eastern cities in Russia .
It is one of the most picturesque lakes in Pakistan .
It is one of the most popular pieces of music for cello and orchestra .
It is one of the oldest complete tapestries in the world .
It is one of the oldest rivers in the World and has seen dinasors on its banks .
It is one of the oldest schools in Australia .
It is one of the six airlines in the world to get a five star rating from Skytrax .
It is one of the sports in the Olympic Games .
It is one of the ten largest cities in Alaska .
It is one of the universities in the south of Chile .
It is one of the youngest capitals of Latin America .
It is one of three Latin American species of tapir .
It is one of three genera commonly referred to as Sage .
It is only a few kilometres away from the border with Luxembourg .
It is only done by dancers who have had special training .
It is only found in western South Africa .
It is only in the last decade or so that treatments have been developed which do sometimes work .
It is only possible to calculate the slope by using tangents and secants .
It is only the case if the person does so of his or her own will .
It is only used in a very few places .
It is only when I lose contact with the painting that the result is a mess .
It is open to the public .
It is operated under contract by Stagecoach Group .
It is opposite to a strategic victory .
It is organised by the General Egyptian Book Organisation .
It is owned and operated by the City of Bangor .
It is owned by Falkirk F.C. who play their home games at the stadium .
It is owned by Hibernian F.C. who play their home games at the stadium .
It is owned by Inverness Caledonian Thistle F.C. who play their home games at the stadium .
It is owned by Time Warner .
It is owned by the large German media company Bertelsmann .
It is paid to ensure the owner that it is returned in good condition .
It is part of ASEAN .
It is part of French Polynesia and the Marquesas Islands .
It is part of Greater Manchester .
It is part of Gujrat District in the north of Punjab province .
It is part of Ventura County .
It is part of a group of chemical elements in the periodic table named the Lanthanides .
It is part of a process to make manganese metal .
It is part of a triangle of small cities in Central Michigan .
It is part of the Arnsberg Government Region
It is part of the Barbie franchise .
It is part of the Call of Duty series .
It is part of the Canadian Forces .
It is part of the Center City Commuter Connection .
It is part of the Dancing with the Stars franchise .
It is part of the Federated States of Micronesia .
It is part of the Fertile Crescent in the Middle East .
It is part of the French Polynesia .
It is part of the Gadsden Metropolitan Statistical Area .
It is part of the Greater Helsinki area .
It is part of the Pamir Mountains and the Karakoram Range .
It is part of the Sony Music Entertainment group .
It is part of the Zagreb metropolitan area .
It is part of the province of Southern Finland .
It is part of the rural Taluka of Hyderabad and is located at .
It is part of the suburban train network .
It is passed from mother to child through genes .
It is perhaps best known world wide for the Matterhorn .
It is played by buzzing the lips into a mouthpiece .
It is played by hitting its strings and sounds similar in tone of a violin or a hammered dulcimer .
It is played by two or four people in a table .
It is played in long notes with gaps of a bar and a half between each phrase .
It is played in the summer Olympic Games .
It is played using dice to decide what happens and a ruler to tell how far a unit moves .
It is played with two sticks .
It is popular for its spa .
It is popular in the Andean region of Colombia and throughout Latin America .
It is popular to play and watch golf .
It is possible that Coppi could have won many more races in the five years that were lost because of the war .
It is possible that Mari surrendered to Babylon without any fighting happening .
It is possible that after Balvi Lake the name was given to the town on the Bolupe river .
It is possible that bananas were grown for food for the first time in Papua New Guinea .
It is possible that the ancient origin of this order is one of the reasons for its highly diverged morphology .
It is possible to travel all the way round the side of the lake by road .
It is possible to treat mania using a combination of drugs and therapy .
It is possibly one of the longest work of its kind in the world .
It is powered by a Volvo Flygmotor RM 6C jet engine .
It is practiced today by many people including school children .
It is present in all other important types of chess around the world .
It is presently the capital of the province of Ravenna .
It is prominently featured in many cuisines throughout the world .
It is pronounced the same way
It is published daily and it is a tabloid .
It is published in the United States .
It is put over a bed where people sleep to keep mosquitoes out .
It is quite toxic .
It is ranked 27th highest in the world and 12th highest in Pakistan .
It is ranked the 5th biggest in Illinois .
It is realted to the concept of logical truth .
It is regarded as shameful if the girl be not found a virgin on her wedding day .
It is related to the Lychee .
It is related to the family of the Chili pepper .
It is required for many jobs especially in research .
It is responsible for the sense of hotness found in chile peppers .
It is revealed in the first episodes of the show that a violent storm catches Aang and sends him into the ocean during his escape .
It is run by a board of trustees .
It is said in Bhagavad Gita that only the karma that is done with a sense of doership and with attachment to the karma could cause good or bad reactions .
It is said in the Bible to taste sweet .
It is said that Gao Shun was very honest .
It is said that he was the guardian angel of Esau and a patron of the sinful empire of Rome .
It is said that he worked as a printer in Mexico .
It is said that the Hanging Towers Of Babylon were originally blown down and this building is a second production !
It is said that the water inside the lake communicates with the waters of the holy Ganges of India .
It is said that their souls are together throughout time .
It is said to be a corruption of the Spanish word for saxifrage .
It is said to be one of the best schools for teaching music in the world .
It is scheduled to be released in the second quarter of 2011 .
It is separated from Victoria Island to its east by the Prince of Wales Strait and from the mainland by Amundsen Gulf to its south .
It is separated from it by a mountain range called the San Gabriel Mountains that are over 40 miles wide and almost 2 miles high overall .
It is separated from the Alps by the valley of the Rhone .
It is served by the Cakung Airport .
It is set in a hotel in the coastal town of Torquay .
It is set in a world where nuclear bombs have ruined the surface and people are fighting to survive .
It is shorter than the small intestine .
It is shown by a thick golden bar followed by a thin golden bar and again by a thick golden bar in Canada .
It is silver gray .
It is silver white .
It is similar in size to Egypt .
It is similar in some ways to zinc oxide .
It is similar to a crow but is a little different .
It is similar to a scholarship for studying .
It is similar to calcium chlorate .
It is similar to iron .
It is similar to lavender and lilac .
It is similar to playing harmonics on a string instrument by lightly touching the string at a certain point so that only part of the string vibrates .
It is similar to potassium permanganate .
It is similar to the material in blue jeans .
It is similar to zinc .
It is situated 46km from Rawalakot .
It is situated at the edge of the mountain from which there is a beautiful sight .
It is situated at the heart of the city .
It is situated by the River Forth and the only road access to the village is along Ladysneuk Road from Alloa Road in Causewayhead .
It is situated in the northwest of the district and is the most northern part of the district .
It is situated in the southern Eifel mountains .
It is so similar to Troodon that some paleontologists believe that it is the same dinosaur as Troodon .
It is so small that it can be put in a pocket .
It is socially accepted and even celebrated in certain circles .
It is soft and can be cut with a knife .
It is soft and ductile .
It is sold in rolls and are put onto a wall using wallpaper paste .
It is soluble in water .
It is some 25km from the city center .
It is sometimes called Basle in English .
It is sometimes called GBA .
It is sometimes called GBC .
It is sometimes called The Ditch by Australians and New Zealanders .
It is sometimes incorrectly claimed to be a golden spiral as well .
It is sometimes layered .
It is sometimes referred to in English under its native name Belau .
It is sometimes sold a souvenir sweet .
It is sometimes used to make cheap furniture and village dwellings though it is relatively hard to work on .
It is southwest of Lyon .
It is special and emphasizes beauty of form .
It is spoken in the Polish region of Pomerania .
It is sponsored by Target Corporation .
It is stable under a wide range of temperatures and pH. .
It is starting to become popular among Anglicans and Lutherans
It is sticky and filling .
It is still an important activity in the province .
It is still played by Royal Marine bands .
It is still possible to get in through a secret door that not too many people know about .
It is still possible to go into the bunker through a secret passage way .
It is still the most widely used water turbine in the world today .
It is still their today .
It is still used often in the United States .
It is supersaturated with oxygen .
It is supposed that he committed suicide .
It is supposed to have the longest high street in Britain
It is supposed to promote enjoyment and participation in the arts .
It is surrounded by Bay of Bengal on the east and Indian Ocean on the south .
It is surrounded by NATO and EU members Poland and Lithuania and is geographically separated from the main part of Russia itself .
It is surrounded by deserts .
It is surrounded by many forests .
It is sweet and very juicy .
It is the 12 longest river in the United States that is only in one state .
It is the 3rd fastest growing city in Africa and the 9th fastest in the world .
It is the 5th most common element on the earth .
It is the 7th biggest city in Argentina .
It is the Japanese occupation period when Daejeon started to develop as one of the major cities in Korea .
It is the Pacific Ocean .
It is the Turkish version of The Nany .
It is the administrative headquarters of Patiala District .
It is the administrative seat of the Rawalpindi District .
It is the amount of energy required to make one gram of water to increase in heat by one Kelvin .
It is the bad emotion felt because of that damage .
It is the biggest arena in the blue square premier league conference national
It is the biggest city in Nevada .
It is the biggest city in Wright County .
It is the biggest group of flowering plants .
It is the biggest of the Greater Palm group of islands .
It is the biggest rugby league competition in the world .
It is the biggest stock exchange in India and the third biggest in the world in terms of amounts of transactions .
It is the birthplace of Orville and Wilbur Wright .
It is the capital city of Dakshina Kannada district .
It is the capital city of the district with the same name .
It is the capital city of the province of Limburg .
It is the capital city of the province with the same name .
It is the capital of Amazonas .
It is the capital of East Azarbaijan Province .
It is the capital of Jaisalmer District .
It is the capital of Karbala Province .
It is the capital of Kavala prefecture .
It is the capital of Naushahro Feroze District .
It is the capital of Shimane Prefecture .
It is the capital of Tacna Region .
It is the capital of Tando Allahyar District .
It is the capital of The Belgian provice Limburg .
It is the capital of the Loire departement .
It is the capital of the Pirkanmaa area .
It is the capital of the Province of Catania .
It is the capital of the Province of Latina .
It is the capital of the Province of Parma .
It is the capital of the Province of Sassari .
It is the capital of the Province of Taranto .
It is the capital of the federal state of Lower Saxony .
It is the capital of the province of Leyte .
It is the capital of the province of Matera .
It is the capital of the province of Punjab .
It is the capital of the province of South Sumatra .
It is the center and main city of the Local Government Area of Parkes Shire .
It is the center of Graves County .
It is the center of all commercial activities in the country .
It is the center of political and economic activity and the major transportation center of Costa Rica .
It is the center of the Kano State .
It is the center of the Lake Eyre National Park .
It is the center of the coastal trade .
It is the character the player controls in the game .
It is the child of a female Llama and a male Dromedary Camel .
It is the chilhood home of Thierry Rautureau The Chef In The Hat ! ! !
It is the coldest place on earth and is almost entirely covered by ice .
It is the colors of the Italian flag .
It is the county seat .
It is the county seat of Alachua County
It is the county seat of Albany County .
It is the county seat of Anson County .
It is the county seat of Baker County .
It is the county seat of Bay County .
It is the county seat of Beckham County
It is the county seat of Bergen County .
It is the county seat of Blaine County .
It is the county seat of Blue Earth County .
It is the county seat of Collier County
It is the county seat of Columbia County .
It is the county seat of Cotton County .
It is the county seat of Crawford County .
It is the county seat of Creek County .
It is the county seat of Dane County .
It is the county seat of Delaware County .
It is the county seat of Duval County .
It is the county seat of Fulton County .
It is the county seat of Garvin County .
It is the county seat of Greer County .
It is the county seat of Hancock County .
It is the county seat of Hardee County
It is the county seat of Jackson County .
It is the county seat of Jefferson County .
It is the county seat of Kalamazoo County .
It is the county seat of Lake County .
It is the county seat of Love County .
It is the county seat of Madison County .
It is the county seat of Major County .
It is the county seat of Marshall County .
It is the county seat of Northampton County .
It is the county seat of Osage County .
It is the county seat of Pasco County .
It is the county seat of Pawnee County .
It is the county seat of Polk County .
It is the county seat of Seminole County .
It is the county seat of Sequoyah County .
It is the county seat of Wagoner County .
It is the county seat of Washington County .
It is the county seat of Wyandotte County .
It is the current home of the Manchester City reserve team .
It is the day of the year when lovers show their love to each other .
It is the day that the souls of dead people come back to Earth .
It is the display device that was used in most computer monitors and televisions before LCD and plasma screens started being used .
It is the easternmost point of the Americas .
It is the eighth biggest Greek island .
It is the eighth largest city in Burkina Faso .
It is the eleventh book in the Redwall series .
It is the famous monument in the country .
It is the fastest growing metro area in the State of Maryland and among the fastest growing in the United States .
It is the first and most important university of Peru and the oldest university of the Americas .
It is the first multicellular organism for which scientists have been able to sequence its whole genome .
It is the first part in the Indiana Jones series .
It is the first role of Mel Gibson .
It is the first stadium built just for the Twins .
It is the flattest country in the world .
It is the fourth biggest town in Greenland .
It is the fourth book in the Redwall series .
It is the fourth largest city in Burkina Faso .
It is the fourth largest city in Washington state .
It is the fourth largest lake in the country .
It is the highest 6 bits .
It is the highest navigable lake in the world .
It is the home of Bohemian F.C. .
It is the home of Norwich City Football Club .
It is the home of many innovators and entrepreneurs .
It is the home of rare animals like thylacines and tasmanian devils .
It is the home of the Athletics baseball team and the Raiders football team .
It is the home of the Glasgow Celtic football club .
It is the home of the Los Angeles Philharmonic orchestra .
It is the language of famous musicians of Nagar .
It is the largest Ocean on Earth .
It is the largest branch of a bigger river called the Ganges .
It is the largest city and the capital of the Heilongjiang Province .
It is the largest city in Nepal .
It is the largest city in Syria with about 4.8 million people living there .
It is the largest city in the Continental United States in terms of area .
It is the largest city in the Tulu Nadu region .
It is the largest city in the country .
It is the largest city of western Dominican and the center of the region .
It is the largest inland city in New Zealand and has an area of 98.6 square kilometres .
It is the largest known pachycephalosaur .
It is the largest lake in the Middle East .
It is the largest meat eating mammal to have lived in Australia .
It is the largest meat eating marsupial in the world .
It is the largest member of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago .
It is the largest natural history museum in Britain .
It is the largest of the U.S. Virgin Islands .
It is the largest out of the four terrestrial planets in mass and diameter .
It is the largest river system in the state of Sonora .
It is the largest senior system of higher education in the United States .
It is the largest unspoilt wilderness in eastern Australia and one of the last remaining wilderness areas on Earth .
It is the last rest place of Muhammad Ali Jinnah .
It is the last state which joined the United States .
It is the leading research and academic center of southwestern Colombia .
It is the location of the county seat of Queens .
It is the longest MRT line in Singapore and it is operated by SMRT Corporation .
It is the longest river of the European Union .
It is the main city on the island .
It is the main ore of tin .
It is the main river in the eastern part of Afghanistan .
It is the main substance in the Aveeno line of products .
It is the most common and widespread duck .
It is the most famous concert hall in New York .
It is the most widely known seminary in the Islamic world .
It is the national bird of the United States and usually eats fish .
It is the national bird of the United States of America .
It is the nationalist government of China since 1949 .
It is the northernmost city of the United States of America .
It is the official desktop of the GNU Project .
It is the oldest European city in the Americas where people have been living since it was founded at the end of the 16th century .
It is the oldest botanical garden in the Southern Hemisphere .
It is the oldest movie studio in the United States .
It is the oldest orchestra in Russia .
It is the oldest science park in the United Kingdom .
It is the only eagle in the world ever to have been top predator of its ecosystem .
It is the only historically black college in the state .
It is the only language in Poland with this status .
It is the only language to do that .
It is the only member of the genus Jabiru .
It is the only part of the PE which crossed itself this way .
It is the only recording of a Puccini opera by its original conductor .
It is the only region in the southern Kerala that cliffs are seen .
It is the only royal palace on American soil .
It is the only species in the genus Glirulus .
It is the only species in the genus Salpingotulus .
It is the only state made only of islands .
It is the only surviving member of its order .
It is the only team from the northern areas who played the polo match in New Delhi on the arrival of the George VI of England and won the trophy there .
It is the only thing left of the former colonial territory of New France .
It is the only venue in Las Vegas to host a World Series of Poker Circuit Event .
It is the opening event of the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series .
It is the opposite of happiness .
It is the opposite of success .
It is the opposite of the Western Hemisphere .
It is the part of the Kashmir region that is governed by Pakistan .
It is the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere .
It is the same for all maps .
It is the same size difference as a golf ball and the Earth .
It is the school with the longest history in Singapore .
It is the seat of Bristol County and the hub of the Greater Taunton Area .
It is the seat of a Bishop .
It is the seat of the district .
It is the second biggest lake in France .
It is the second biggest stadium in Spain .
It is the second biggest string instrument in an orchestra .
It is the second largest city in Romania as of the year 2007 .
It is the second largest city in the country after Douala .
It is the second largest earth filled dam after Tarbela Dam .
It is the second largest national park in the world .
It is the second largest plain in Greece .
It is the second largest town of the district Shikarpur .
It is the second most populous region of Greece and usually it is refered as Northern Greece along with Thrace .
It is the second most populous region of Greece and usually it is refered as Northern Greece with Thrace .
It is the second most sold newspaper in Britain and sells more than a million copies a day .
It is the second movie to star Angelina Jolie as the title character from the Tomb Raider video games .
It is the second oldest continuously operating airline in the world .
It is the second to the last in the Great Lake system before water flows into the St. Lawrence River .
It is the sense of a statement or proposition .
It is the seventh and last parable in the chapter which began with the Parable of the Sower .
It is the seventh busiest line on the network and platforms are 110 metres long .
It is the seventh largest country in Africa by amount of land .
It is the single most widely distributed genus of reptiles in North America .
It is the site of Narita International Airport .
It is the sixth game in the Call of Duty series .
It is the sixth oldest community in British Columbia .
It is the sixth track on the album Billy Talent II and is their third single to be released .
It is the smallest independent country in the Western Hemisphere .
It is the smallest municipality by area in Belgium .
It is the southern capital in the Iberian Peninsula .
It is the southernmost land area of the Tierra del Fuego archipelago of southern Chile .
It is the subject of a lot of art through many centuries .
It is the successor to the original Game Boy and its Pocket spinoff .
It is the support town for the large Australia ski resort Mt Buller .
It is the third biggest party in Romania .
It is the third biggest state in Germany .
It is the third book in the Redwall series .
It is the third game in the Jak and Daxter series .
It is the third in France in that sector .
It is the third largest island in the Cyclades .
It is the third largest island in the Ionian Sea .
It is the third largest lake in Central Europe after Lake Balaton and Lake Geneva .
It is the third largest river in Canada .
It is the third largest toy maker in the world .
It is the third one up from the mouth .
It is the title track for his album Dare to be Stupid .
It is the title track of the album .
It is the track for the Singapore Grand Prix .
It is the way the plant protects itself .
It is the westernmost historically black college in the United States .
It is the where the council headquarters for South Lanarkshire are situated .
It is their agency for research .
It is their thirteenth album and went on sale on 8 September 2003 .
It is their traditional name .
It is then deep fried at a high temperature .
It is then mixed with paint .
It is then put into bottles or cartons to be sold .
It is then usually baked until the cheese is bubbly and brown .
It is therefore essential to have as much information as possible about the material being dated and to check for possible signs of alteration .
It is therefore the first capital of a unified Switzerland .
It is third tallest after the ostrich and emu .
It is this idea that brings Marxists to believe that the current capacity to produce means human beings can move beyond the conflicts of Class society .
It is this partnership which forms the premise of the show .
It is this which permits them to pass resistance to antibiotics from one strain to another .
It is thought that Bald Eagles mate for life .
It is thought that C. cartwrightianus came from Crete .
It is thought that Spanish took this system from Basque .
It is thought that constant bombardment kept the Earth in a molten state until about the end of the eon .
It is thought that no more than one or two thousand people speak Esperanto as their first language .
It is thought that the temple of Hathor was built and decorated between the second century B.C.E. and the first century C.E. .
It is thought to be a descendent of the Peregrine Falcon .
It is threatened by habitat loss .
It is through the Rasalila that the people of Manipur reach the highest bliss of worship .
It is thus the same as the Turing machine formalism .
It is to be found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
It is to the east of Vancouver .
It is to the south of Westbury and to the east of Frome .
It is tolerant of grazing and regenerates following occasional burning .
It is totally made of wood .
It is toxic .
It is toxic and carcinogenic .
It is traditionally divided into Upper and Lower Galilee .
It is traditionally wrapped up in banana leaves .
It is typically used in the treatment of Cancer .
It is unclear where this tradition comes from .
It is under this hill that the bunker has been buried .
It is unknown what happened to her severed head .
It is unknown whether the chrysalis has a brown form or not .
It is unsure exactly where and how Hilton got his ideas about Tibet .
It is used a lot in areas where there are a lot of mountains .
It is used against metastatic melanoma .
It is used against people .
It is used also to make perfumes .
It is used as a second language in Greenland and the Faroe Islands .
It is used as a strong base in organic chemistry .
It is used as an antiseptic .
It is used as an electrolyte in a certain battery used to make voltmeters accurate .
It is used as shorthand as a symbol for wavelength in the Electromagnetic spectrum .
It is used by honeybees to build honeycombs .
It is used by someone to help support themself when they are walking .
It is used for a malignant tumor from epithelial cells .
It is used for a time slot when the overnight shelters are closed .
It is used for boats as well as houses .
It is used for perfume and medicine .
It is used for tents and sails on boats and other places where a sturdy material would be good .
It is used help Internet servers communicate better .
It is used in alkaline batteries and Leclanche batteries .
It is used in an odd reaction where cadmium sulfide is sprinkled into a sulfide solution and light is shined on it .
It is used in drawing or planning .
It is used in many electronic devices today .
It is used in photography and engraving .
It is used in the Disney movie Pinoocchio .
It is used in the game Guitar Hero 3 .
It is used on most engines to reduce torsional vibrations that can occure at certain speeds .
It is used to add fluoride ions to other chemical compounds .
It is used to add manganese to soil .
It is used to clean up sulfuric acid spills by making barium sulfate .
It is used to collect a gas or to measure the volume of a gas .
It is used to dissolve things like phosphorus and iodine and to kill insects .
It is used to find out how many possibilities there are to arrange objects .
It is used to lessen friction between moving parts of a machine .
It is used to make barium compounds from barium ore.
It is used to make carbon tetrachloride .
It is used to make fertilizer .
It is used to make other manganese fluorides .
It is used to make phosphoric acid .
It is used to mark territory .
It is used to measure the amount of energy contained in a particular substance .
It is used to take picture of inside the body .
It is used to take the cursor to the next tab stop .
It is used to write Malay .
It is used to write data to magnetic tape or to read data from it .
It is used when the food should not taste of yeast or when the mixture is not elastic enough to hold bubbles for very long . .
It is usually a national holiday .
It is usually a tractor pulling several cars full of people .
It is usually cooked in hot water before being eaten .
It is usually eaten as a snack .
It is usually found after eating poultry .
It is usually fried or grilled .
It is usually harvested between March and June .
It is usually heard on radio or published as audiobook .
It is usually just called the NPD .
It is usually light .
It is usually made up of meat on a stick with onion and gravy along with it .
It is usually males who fight each other .
It is usually not included in modern critical texts .
It is usually put between two sheets of paper .
It is usually required to start a doctorate .
It is usually served with cream and fruit .
It is usually strongly linked with pollution .
It is usually taken from sea water or rock deposits .
It is usually two layers of pasta dough with a filling between the two layers .
It is usually used along with a measurement of longitude in order to pinpoint a location on Earth .
It is usually used in Scandinavian countries .
It is usually used to explain Gas Law .
It is usually white with red stripes and tastes like peppermint .
It is valued for its uniform yellow color .
It is very Romantic and sounds very Hungarian .
It is very active and gets attention from people visiting Hawaii .
It is very cold there in the winter .
It is very common with rented accommodation .
It is very hard to break many sticks tied together in half .
It is very hard to get barium from barium sulfate .
It is very hard to tell the difference between them .
It is very hot and humid in the summer and it is very cold and dry in the winter .
It is very hot and is used as a spice .
It is very important because ships can sail up the river and through the Great Lakes right into the middle of North America .
It is very important to fascists that all schools in the country teach children that the state is the most important thing in the world .
It is very lively here on market days .
It is very much like a glaive .
It is very near to Abbottabad city .
It is very often used in music which sounds Italian or Spanish .
It is very popular and often performed .
It is very popular with tourists .
It is very rare .
It is very reactive .
It is very serious and quite violent .
It is very similar to Portuguese .
It is very similar to a simple music box where the pins pluck a metal harp .
It is very similar to the post of Poet Laureate which is for a poet .
It is very soft .
It is very spectacular walking through it .
It is very spicy but can be made milder by leaving out some of the chilis .
It is very toxic because it has barium ions in it .
It is very toxic because of the barium ions .
It is water sprite that is responsible for mischief .
It is watered by the Bay of Bengal .
It is well known for its artificial pearls but also for its furniture manufacture .
It is well known for its chord progression .
It is west of Dezful .
It is west of the city in the same county .
It is when soldiers march in public .
It is when someone does not eat or drink for some specified period of time .
It is when the body has no control over cells that begin to split .
It is where Oxford United F.C. plays .
It is where Simon Bolivar was born .
It is widely grown worldwide as a backyard shrub .
It is with the Rangers where he is most notable for playing .
It is with this conviction that I have lived my Life .
It is worn mostly by men in West Africa .
It is woven by hand on a vertical loom .
It is writing about rather than of history .
It is written as .
It is written by British author Justin Somper .
It is written every day in Stockholm .
It is written in a cursive variant of the Parthian chancellory script .
It is written in the Latin alphabet like English .
It joins Raffles Avenue and cut right after the Esplanade to the front of The Float at Marina Bay and return to the pit area via another temporary road around the Singapore Flyer .
It joins the Arafura Sea in the north by Dundas Strait between Melville Island and Cobourg Peninsula .
It joins the Sarthe north of Angers to forme the Maine .
It joins the Timor Sea in the west by the Clarence Strait near the city of Darwin .
It just so happens in this batch of songs I would look at these subjects and thought it was good for writing .
It keeps the body temperature the same by sweating from the skin .
It keeps the skin very clarified .
It killed a lot of wildlife too .
It killed many people .
It killed mosquitoes .
It kills 1 million to 2 million people every year .
It lasted from about 1200 BC to about 275 BC .
It lasted from about 360 to about 300 million years ago .
It later became a part of the Soviet Union .
It later became a social class system .
It later flows into the Murrumbidgee River .
It lies about 60 miles from London .
It lies about half way between Aachen and Leuven .
It lies about three kilometres under the ocean surface and covers thousands of square kilometres .
It lies at an altitude of 2500m .
It lies at the bottom of Kyushu .
It lies at the southern edge of the Sahara Desert and is located between the dry desert land to the north and the forest areas to the south .
It lies between the small intestine and the anus in the Gastrointestinal system .
It lies in West Azarbaijan Province .
It lies in the center of the Lower Peninsula of Michigan .
It lies in the downstream Yangtze River drainage basin and Yangtze River Delta .
It lies north of Siberia .
It lies on a lake .
It lies on the Hyderabad to Mirpurkhas Road .
It lies on the River Thames .
It lies roughly in the center of Canada .
It lies south of Bochum and Essen .
It likes open grassland with areas of bush for daytime shelter .
It lived during the late Jurassic Period between 155 and 145 million years ago .
It lived from about 2.6 until about 1.2 million years ago during the Pliocene and Pleistocene epochs in Eastern Africa .
It lived in the Lower Cretaceous of what is now Africa 135 to 112 million years ago .
It lived in what is now North America .
It lived in what was then a fairly dry environment in Scotland .
It lived on a diet of grubs and plants .
It lived on the South Island of New Zealand .
It lives for about 13 years in captivity .
It lives in soils worldwide at mesophilic temperatures .
It lives in the pouch for about eight months .
It lives mainly on tourism .
It lives near big areas of water where there is a lot of food to eat and old trees to nest in .
It lives near the big cities of the south and east coast .
It lives only in the Gulf of California .
It looked as if the job would never be finished .
It looks at the use of computer software to translate text or speech from one natural language to another .
It looks like a crocodile with a very thin and long snout .
It looks like a triangle .
It looks like it is made out of cubes .
It looks like the members of the group are not bound by the usual Islamic religious constraints .
It looks very richly decorated with traditional cord wrappings and a specially designed handle .
It made it against the law to stop somebody from voting because of their race .
It made it easier for people to read and learn things .
It mainly eats during early morning and evening .
It makes a person feel more awake and alert .
It makes both personal and industrial loads of coffee and supplies worldwide .
It makes crystals in a cube shape .
It makes it easy to copy diagrams .
It makes it possible for the right hand to play the tune on one manual while the left hand plays an accompaniment more quietly on the other .
It makes oxygen gas when it is heated .
It makes round lumps that are the size and shape of pillows .
It makes small handheld computers .
It makes their red blood cells all die .
It marks the boundary between the North American Plate on the east and the Pacific Plate on the west .
It may also be a form of entertainment or a hobby .
It may also be called unipolar affective disorder .
It may also be that the person only eats and drinks certain kinds of food .
It may also compile JavaScript .
It may also formulate recommendations to the president and the federal government in such matters .
It may also have hunted in packs to bring down other dinosaurs .
It may also have its own air force and soldiers .
It may also mean the objects around one in a building .
It may be a type of communication .
It may be caused by a blockage of the bile ducts which release bile salts and pigment into the intestines .
It may be either saturated or unsaturated .
It may be the biggest dinosaur yet found .
It may have been an ancestor of T. rex .
It may have first been in Sri Lanka and Moluccas .
It may have lost money due to this .
It may have preyed upon Triceratops .
It may include a marching band or something like it .
It may involve the brain .
It may take years of practice to become an experienced and flexible dancer .
It may use a laser to determine the exact density of a solution .
It means a group which does not include all its descendents .
It means a settlement in Europe that has the right to have markets .
It means near water .
It means particularly those benefits that can be measured in economic terms .
It means that people get together to either give or receive pain and humiliation .
It means virgin birth .
It meant that ships could bring things to Sacramento from the Pacific Ocean .
It melts at a quite high temperature for a reactive metal .
It might be based on the Greek legend of Perseus and Andromeda .
It might become extinct .
It might whiten teeth .
It migrates to Mexico and the southern U.S. at winter .
It mixes up Pakistani classical music with American rock .
It mostly belongs to Croatia .
It moves from cool in winter to warm days in the summer months .
It moves in an unreal world without definite locality or definite creatures and is filled with the marvelous .
It must have finite energy .
It must satisfy admissibility condition .
It must then also benefit from digesting the prey .
It needs to be done within 6 days of being bitten .
It never gets cold enough to kill them .
It normally is bonded with some water molecules .
It normally joins together with the Liberal Party to form a coalition government .
It occurs in autotrophs during the Calvin cycle and in some heterotrophs .
It often created the illusion of stirrups .
It often does this to bury itself in the sand .
It often has spices in it and is covered in a casing .
It often ranges from 1 to 10 and is used for black belts only .
It only does this in an unsystematic manner .
It only lives in the sea .
It only needed two batteries instead of four .
It opened in 1863 .
It operates at layer 2 of the OSI model .
It orbits behind Tethys by 60 degrees in its orbit around Saturn .
It owes its success to its ability to live in a wide variety of habitats and survive on a flexible diet .
It oxidizes in air .
It peaked number 25 in the U.S. and number 11 in New Zealand .
It plays a role in regulating neuronal excitability throughout the nervous system .
It plays an octave lower than the normal clarinet .
It pleaseth me not .
It prefers a total exposure to the sun but requires high humidity and a total of 70 inches or more of rainfall a year .
It probably fed on insects and other smaller animals found on the floor of its forest home .
It produced some of the best fine wool in 1903 .
It produces a fruit that is yellow when it is ripe .
It protects the aircraft from weather and sun damage .
It protects the healthy people .
It provides further executive areas and disabled facilities for viewing an event .
It provides the pillar of the two main branches agriculture and tourism .
It provides them with food and water .
It quickly became popular and gained a lot of airplay .
It ran a train service from a temporary terminus at Mile End to Romford .
It ran out of water in March of 1999 .
It reached its peak during the seventh century A.D. .
It reached number 1 on the billboard charts in 1954 .
It reacts more violently than the other alkali metals with water .
It reacts slowly with water and quickly with acids to make arsine .
It reacts slowly with water to make barium hydroxide and hydrogen sulfide .
It reacts with acids to make barium salts .
It reacts with acids to make calcium salts .
It reacts with acids to make toxic cadmium compounds and toxic hydrogen telluride gas .
It reacts with any sulfate or sulfuric acid to make barium sulfate .
It reacts with any sulfate to make barium sulfate .
It reacts with bases to make cadmium oxide .
It reacts with carbon dioxide to make barium carbonate .
It reacts with hydrochloric acid to make hydrogen sulfide and cadmium chloride .
It reacts with hydrogen sulfide to make barium sulfide .
It reacts with hydrogen to make calcium hydroxide and calcium amide .
It reacts with potassium permanganate to make manganese dioxide .
It reacts with sulfuric acid to make barium sulfate though .
It reacts with water to make calcium hydroxide and ammonia .
It reacts with water to make oxygen gas .
It reacts with water to produce hydrogen and calcium hydroxide .
It reacts with water very fast when it is powdered .
It received city rights in 1865 .
It received the coat of arms and the title of City of Antioquia from King Philip II of Spain in 1545 .
It recognizes that wetlands are an important ecosystem .
It refers to places in the bush where holy spirits live .
It refers to the northwestern corner of the United States and the southwestern part of Canada .
It refers to the place where a character is listed in the dictionary .
It regulated the economy .
It relates to the prime counting function .
It releases a green flame when burned .
It releases heat when dissolved in water and changes into calcium hydroxide .
It releases substances through special cells called the Islets of Langerhans .
It remained a royal palace for the next 220 years until George III moved elsewhere .
It remained the capital when in 1964 Tanganyika and Zanzibar merged to form Tanzania .
It remains the only public monument to Jasenovac victims outside of the Balkans .
It renamed it self the Vale of Glamorgan Railway Company and were based there till early 2009 operating heritage services both steam and diesel over an expanding network of lines .
It replaced the Lancia Dedra in 1999 and was discontinued in 2005 .
It replaced the PowerBook G4 and was the second Intel model to be released .
It replaced the iBook and 12 inch PowerBook series of notebooks because Apple was switching all of their CPUs to Intel from Power PCs .
It replaced the town of Bata as the capital of the country in 1969 .
It represent the Universe .
It represents a portable audio player .
It represents two thirds of all crustacean species .
It required 35000 m of stone and earth .
It requires good drainage of the soil Carambola trees are planted 20 feet or more from each other .
It resembles the protest made by colonists before the American Revolution about having to pay taxes to England .
It resulted in the election of Mayor James Boyle .
It results in the formation of carbonic acid .
It returned on CBS and in syndication in 1986 .
It rises in the Vosges department .
It rolls into a spiny ball for defense .
It rounds the 6 at the end up to 7 .
It runs Mac OS X and comes with a built in webcam and microphone and a power adapter that is attached by magnets .
It runs east from Broadway to South Street on the East River and through the Financial District .
It runs through the Karakoram range .
It said the balloons were for a television commercial .
It says that every polynomial with real or complex coefficients has a complex root .
It says that his father was a soldier and that the boy should become a soldier when he is 17 .
It says that the child was born on April 30th 1812 and that he was called Kaspar but that he has no second name .
It seems that dark matter is not made of the same thing as the matter we see everyday on Earth .
It separates warm air from the colder air above .
It served as the capital of Sinaloa from 1859 to 1873 .
It serves the San Gabriel Valley .
It shares part of its border with the Republic of Armenia .
It shares social democratic ideas .
It shares three stations with L6 .
It should be kept away from extremely cold drafts .
It should not be confused with Fanconi syndrome .
It should not be parked somewhere where it might be dangerous such as on a corner .
It should not be stored in glass .
It shows French heroes and saints like Charlemagne and Saint Louis .
It shows Lecter as a child .
It shows scenes and stories from the books of Genesis and Exodus .
It shows the DIN format for paper .
It shows the speed and agility of horses .
It signals the end of the active growth of a hair .
It similar to the weaving on a kimono .
It simply takes the entry that was used the longest time ago .
It sits on the slopes of the Tymphristos mountain .
It smells like ether .
It softens water and removes oil and grease at the same time .
It sold many copies and made her famous in other countries as well .
It sold more than a million copies in less than 5 months .
It sometimes is used for decorations in American and Chinese homes .
It spreads in two ways .
It stands on the River Medway .
It starred James Cagney as George M. Cohan .
It starred Paul Reiser and Helen Hunt as a New York couple .
It stars Dale Winton .
It stars Frankie Muniz and Hayden Panettiere .
It stars Malcolm McDowell as Caligula .
It started after the Deutsche Reichspartei dissolved in 1964 .
It started as a job system .
It started as a trading place of the Vikings .
It started as an episode of the television show Comedy Playhouse and originally aired on 4 January 1973 .
It started being used to describe the pocketless billiard games in the 1860s .
It started by looking through old sepia photographs .
It started functioning from 22nd December 1921 .
It started in 1886 .
It started in 2002 .
It started in the 1920s .
It started on 12 May and ended on 15 May .
It started on April 4 1959 and it was controlled by France .
It started playing in the NHL in autumn 1991 .
It started when James W. Marshall found pieces of gold while building a sawmill for John Sutter in 1848 .
It started where the road crossed the Yass River .
It starts making small amounts of hydrogen gas .
It starts with six notes going down .
It starts with washing the wound .
It stated that people rights not to be unlawfully imprisoned .
It stayed important in parts of western Europe for a long time because Charlemagne based his laws on the Salic law .
It still drinks milk from its mother until about 18 months of age .
It still has the grand staircase and landing from that historic theater .
It still offers diplomas which are recognized qualifications to be a modern farrier .
It stops computers from sending information on the same ethernet wire at the same time .
It studies mass of many peoples .
It supports a rich lacustrine wildlife .
It supports profoundly gifted children .
It swoops low over water and grabs small fish with its claws .
It symbol is Mn .
It symbolizes telling the truth and doing what you said you would .
It takes 3.5 years to become a MB .
It takes 30 km to go around the edge of Hamilton Harbour or Burlington Bay .
It takes about 1 hour to travel from end to end and this line is colored green on MRT system maps .
It takes its name from the street it was built on which also had a remarkable history .
It takes longer to get to distant floors .
It takes many years of practice to learn the tea ceremony .
It takes place 215 years before Castlevania I and II .
It takes place annually on July 1st .
It takes place in the fictional city of Metropolis .
It takes politics to sort them out fully .
It takes roughly one month to complete one orbit .
It talks about the four years that Abagnale was a con artist .
It teaches that no one has to become Jewish or someone special to get to heaven .
It tells in music the story in the poem by Robert Burns .
It tells the story of an unscrupulous coquette widow who does not care about the feelings of other men .
It then became the capital of Senegal .
It then grew and flourished .
It then reverses and creates mass.
It then spread to the Catholic countries in Europe .
It then took over the Victorian Parliament in Melbourne until it moved to Canberra in 1927 .
It then turns west and flows to its mouth at the Pacific Ocean .
It thus adopted their racial and political doctrines .
It told of her first five years of study at the Gombe Reserve .
It told people about the civil rights movement in America .
It took many more decades to get rid of all the racist laws .
It took over from Harris Bus Lines in March 2006 .
It took place between October 1941 and January 1942 .
It took the band one and a half months to record the album .
It took them a while to realize that Aborigines at Sydney spoke a different language to those from Cooktown .
It took until 174 for the Quadi to be subdued .
It traded many things in India .
It transformed Manchester from a landlocked city into a major sea port .
It tried to take care of the problems poor people and immigrants faced in Chicago .
It tries to explain why he is a murderous cannibal .
It tries to regularise vocabulary and grammar .
It tries to say what type of change it is and how big it is using functions at the exact moment at which the change is taking place .
It turned out that there was an evil dragon living in a big cave under the Wawel hill .
It turns into barium oxide and carbon dioxide when heated .
It turns into barium sulfate when water containing sulfates flows through it .
It turns once on its axis every four hours .
It turns out that only certain types of radiation are ordinarily harmful to humans .
It unified with NETSGO and then with Lycos Korea in 2002 .
It used floppy disks which made it very easy for piracy to occur .
It used to be a district called Bakerganj .
It used to be a military base called Dow Air Force Base .
It used to be a village called Catolacus .
It used to be called Ericsson Stadium until it was renamed in 2004 .
It used to be common and so was a common poison .
It used to be made by reacting carbon and sulfur at a very high temperature .
It used to be made by reacting carbon disulfide with chlorine .
It used to be one of the products of gasworks .
It used to be the site for steelworks .
It used to be very common in this area .
It uses a theme by the famous 16th century composer Tallis .
It uses film or electronics to make a picture of something .
It uses the GNOME desktop environment and is distributed as an installable Live CD .
It uses the sarabande from the 5th suite for solo cello by Bach .
It usually affects males .
It usually dies because of traffic accidents and hunting .
It usually has a clear color .
It usually has a lot of cream .
It usually has a lot of plants and animals .
It usually has two straps that go over the shoulders .
It usually includes humorous or strange characters and situations .
It usually measures in millimetres .
It usually refers to a building companies use to make different products .
It usually starts the second day after birth .
It was Grace who had told Monroe that someday she would become a movie star .
It was Number One on the music charts during Christmas .
It was a Lava Dome .
It was a big district of South Eastern Europe .
It was a big job .
It was a carnivore .
It was a fight between the English and Normans .
It was a founding paper .
It was a herbivore that walked both as biped and a quadruped .
It was a historical and splendid achievement .
It was a kind of precursor of the Atlantic .
It was a lesser used palace during the reign of the next few of monarchs .
It was a mining town from its beginnings and the gold mining operation has been the base of its economy .
It was a mixture of controllable and uncontrollable factors .
It was a modification of the original design first proposed by Hermann Tilke .
It was a municipality of Azua province before being elevated to the category of province .
It was a municipality of the El Seibo province before being elevated to the category of province .
It was a municipality of the Monte Cristi province before being elevated to the category of province .
It was a municipality of the Peravia province before being raised to the category of province .
It was a municipality of the Santiago province before being elevated to the category of province .
It was a proper city in 1342 and became the seat of a Lutherian bishop in 1554 .
It was a relative of Protarchaeopteryx .
It was a relative of the Iguanodon .
It was a sequel to Silence of the Lambs .
It was a single on June 11th 2011 .
It was a small generator that lit four light bulbs .
It was a society occasion .
It was a temple to Athena for nearly 2000 years .
It was a time of musical change .
It was a town of fishermen that became a city in the second half of the 20th century .
It was a very hard crash and he was knocked unconscious for a few minutes .
It was a very huge success .
It was a very important place during the California Gold Rush .
It was a victory for him .
It was a way to check if the government was supporting religion .
It was a well liked book which was printed in at least sixteen editions in five years .
It was about 13.5 meters long and had a weight of about six tons .
It was about 18 meters long and weighed about 18 metric tones .
It was about 500 breast cancer cases and 500 control patients .
It was about 6 metres high and was powered by a beautiful waterfall .
It was about a foot long .
It was about half way between the salt works at Saltville and the lead mines near Wytheville .
It was about the size of a really big dog .
It was about tolerance and diversity .
It was active between 1919 and 1922 .
It was adopted in 2000 .
It was all the truth .
It was almost twice as long as the modern saltwater crocodile and weighed approximately 8 to 10 tonnes .
It was also a member between 1999 and 2004 .
It was also an influence on the American Constitution and to the Bill of Rights .
It was also at the palace that the Henry died .
It was also changed and made into a movie .
It was also during his term in Westminster that Pope John Paul II made first ever visit of a pope to England .
It was also during this time that she began dating baseball player Joe DiMaggio .
It was also helped by the growth of industry caused by the Central Railway Line in the early 1900s .
It was also one of the endangered animals that Douglas Adams and Mark Carwardine set out to find for the radio series and book Last Chance to See .
It was also partly fuelled by the big number of students attending the number of universities and further education colleges in the city .
It was also sharpened along the back edge to reduce its weight .
It was also suppressed in Northern France .
It was also the capital city until 2006 .
It was also the last name that her mother still used .
It was also the month in which the Annunciation of the birth of Jesus to the Virgin Mary took place .
It was also the title for the chief officer of a hundred .
It was also to provide more regular events for fans to go to .
It was also translated into six different languages .
It was also used as seal for roofing shingles and to seal the hulls of ships and boats .
It was also used by Dave Benson Phillips while telling nursery rhymes on BBC childrens television years earlier than this .
It was also used to make freon .
It was also where the Pony Express stopped .
It was an excellent orchestra and was famous abroad .
It was an exhibition game against the Dodgers .
It was an idea of Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace .
It was an important city of Ancient India .
It was an important industrial city .
It was an important place for trade .
It was an important victory for Union forces in their efforts to gain control of the Indian Territory .
It was an independent town from 1978 to 2000 .
It was an unfortunate time because the Russian Revolution was taking place .
It was annexed by the Third Reich between 1940 and 1944 .
It was announced as a dwarf planet on 11 June 2008 .
It was announced that the album was due to be released on 28 January 2008 .
It was anticipated that daily ridership in 2020 would have grown to 4.6 million from the current 1.4 million passengers .
It was at its strongest and most advanced between 250 AD and 900 AD .
It was at that time that Cavendish met David Millar at a race on the Isle of Man .
It was bad for the Russian economy because the government took away extra grain produced by the peasants .
It was based on the play The Girl of the Golden West by David Belasco .
It was because of the unpredictable weather and rough sea that people could not approach the island .
It was bound to the east by the Pazundaung Creek and to the south and west by the Yangon River .
It was broadcast by the BBC from 1975 .
It was broadcasted on FOX TV until 2004 and was then picked up by E !
It was build by Giacomo della Porta who completed it in 1859 .
It was built about 150 years ago .
It was built as a replacement for an earlier church which dated from the Merovingian era .
It was built before the Interstate Highway System .
It was built between 1544 and 1548 .
It was built between 1926 and 1938 so that trains could take coffee to the port of Santos .
It was built between 447 BC and 432 BC during the the reign of Pericles .
It was built by the British to channel water from the Swat River through a tunnel under the Malakand Pass to the plains around Mardan .
It was built entirely by Seti I who covered the northern wing of the hall with inscriptions .
It was built in 1783 .
It was built in 1886 .
It was built in 1925 .
It was built in 1932 and seats 3123 people .
It was built in 1976 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world
It was built in 1990 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world
It was built in 1992 and is one of the tallest buildings in the United States .
It was built in 1996 for the Carolina Panthers .
It was built in 2009 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world
It was built in Tokyo in 1889 .
It was built in World War II by the German Navy .
It was built on a Roman site .
It was built on a mosque .
It was built to look like a typical street in the United States .
It was burned by the Japanese during World War II .
It was called Elvis Lives in Parkes .
It was called Jakarta by the Japanese during World War 2
It was called Las Vegas by Spanish people .
It was called Northern Rhodesia and it is currently named after the Zambezi River .
It was called PDG .
It was called Pablo Honey and it was recorded in 1992 in a studio in Oxford .
It was called Rage Against the Machine .
It was called Tasmania after Abel Tasman .
It was called The Social Network .
It was called the American Professional Football Association .
It was captured after eight months .
It was chosen as one of the New Seven Wonders of the World in 2007 .
It was claimed that Blanco and other members of the government were making a lot of money through corrupt dealings with the army and military contracts .
It was cleaned in 1984 .
It was clear that Catherine was very fond of Jane in return .
It was clear that he was going to die soon .
It was closed for underground services 1982 but reopened in 1984 .
It was completed in 1939 .
It was completed in 1992 and makes it possible for boats to travel from the North Sea to the Black Sea .
It was completed in 1997 .
It was completed in April 1914 .
It was composed by Thierry Darnis and adopted as the official anthem in March 1996 .
It was composed by Zubir Said in 1958 as a song to be sung at official events arranged by the City Council of Singapore .
It was composed in 1834 .
It was considered as one of the biggest shocks in Wimbledon history .
It was considered to be part of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal .
It was constructed about 90 CE and enlarged until about 210 .
It was construction in order to save the natural vegetation of the island and make it one of the most important Mauritius sightseeing .
It was created by Bethesda Game Studios .
It was created by Jason Kay .
It was created by Sun Micro Systems .
It was created by Sun Microsystems and released in 1995 .
It was created by Yasser Arafat in the late 1950s .
It was created in 1515 by Spanish explorers .
It was created in 1625 .
It was created in 1640 for Duke Ernest I and ended in 1680 when his lands were divided after his death in 1675 .
It was created in 1938 with the name Province Benefactor .
It was created in 1996 by Aki Maita and sold by Bandai .
It was created in November 1988 .
It was created in five years .
It was created in the WWF by Faarooq .
It was created on 16 October 2001 .
It was created on 1932 .
It was created on 1938 with the name Province Libertador .
It was created on 1943 .
It was created on 1948 .
It was created on 1958 .
It was created on 1959 .
It was created on 6 September 2000 but it started on 1 January 2001 .
It was created to be used as a base for the ivory trade and an agricultural research station .
It was danced a lot in Russia in the 19th century and it is mentioned a lot in Russian novels .
It was danced by amateurs in a hall .
It was described as a new genus and species by Robert Broom of the Transvaal Museum .
It was designed and implemented by Senemut at a site on the West Bank of the Nile River near the entrance to what now is called the Valley of the Kings .
It was designed by Frank Gehry .
It was designed by Marcello Gandini .
It was designed by the French architect Michel Pinseau .
It was designed during the 1960s .
It was developed by Camelot Software Planning and published by Nintendo .
It was developed by Insomniac Games and published by Sony in 2003 .
It was developed by the U.S. in World War II by a team of Harvard chemists .
It was developed from the clarinet and shares many similarities to the clarinet .
It was developed to check out the chance of events happening or in games .
It was difficult for Mary to avoid siding with either the Catholics or the Protestants .
It was directed by Bart Freundlich .
It was directed by Jean Negulesco .
It was directed by Saeed Ali Khan .
It was directed by Steven Spielberg .
It was discovered by Audouin Dollfus in 1966 .
It was discovered by Giovanni Domenico Cassini in 1671 .
It was discovered by Marie Curie .
It was discovered by the Cassini Imaging Science Team in 2004 .
It was discovered in 1878 by Constantin Fahlberg .
It was discovered in 1964 and was drilled in 1966 for the first time .
It was discovered in 1990 by Mark Showalter .
It was discovered in 2010 .
It was discovered that the loading gauge of the line was too small .
It was dissolved in 1874 .
It was dropped from airplanes to stop malaria in Italy .
It was during Easter that everybody was trying to get rid of the eggs before the fast .
It was during the Mesozoic era that the ancestors of many of the living gastropods evolved .
It was during this time that he wrote the first two books of the Divine Comedy .
It was during this time that the festival made its first break from tradition .
It was especially popular in the French courts of King Louis XIV .
It was especially useful for warriors who were not riding .
It was established in 1948 .
It was established in 1997 and runs more than 330 shops nationwide .
It was eventually beaten by the Xbox 360 game Gears of War .
It was expected that they would be worked to death .
It was famous for having the highest temperature in the Indian Subcontinent .
It was finally upgraded and declared a National Park in 1981 .
It was first Settled and Made the Capital of French Guiana in the Late 17th Century .
It was first awarded in 1924 .
It was first awarded in 1998 .
It was first baked in the United States and became very popular because it was so easy to make .
It was first built as a web version of the Lahman Baseball Database .
It was first built in 1987 .
It was first called Currajong after the many kurrajong trees in the local area .
It was first called the Bay of Plenty by Captain James Cook in November 1769 .
It was first called the Country Party when it started in 1920 and then became the National Country Party in 1975 .
It was first described and mistakenly identified as an octopus in 1903 by German teuthologist Carl Chun .
It was first described by Claude Servais Mathias Pouillet in 1837 .
It was first discovered by J.J Thomson in 1897 .
It was first discovered in 1877 in Colorado by Oramel W. Lucas .
It was first discovered in Wellington Harbour in 1987 .
It was first made available on music programs such as Itunes .
It was first made in old stars .
It was first mentioned in 1255 as a royal free mining town .
It was first mentioned in 1258 as Sancti Stephani de Furanum .
It was first mentioned in 801 C.E. .
It was first named Bathurst after Henry Bathurst .
It was first officially mentioned in October 1872 .
It was first performed in Dresden in 1845 .
It was first printed as sheet music in 1903 .
It was first printed in 1941 .
It was first published in 1961 .
It was first published in 1990 .
It was first published in 2001 .
It was first published in French in 1992 by the authority of Pope John Paul II .
It was first published in German only in the following year .
It was first shown from 1999 to 2004 .
It was first shown in 1944 .
It was first shown in the Spanish Pavilion in Paris in 1937 .
It was first used by the Ancient Britons between Canterbury and St Albans .
It was first used for the European Grand Prix on 24 August 2008 .
It was first used in 1972 in San Diego .
It was first used in France to mean works of art that did not follow the current trend .
It was first used to bring a good harvest and has become a cultural symbol for Korea .
It was followed by a game designed to reduce the use of the rail nurse so that spectators would not be bored by watching it .
It was formally opened by the Duchess of Kent on 14 February 1987 .
It was formed in 1993 as part league realignment .
It was formed in 1999 .
It was formed in October 2001 .
It was formed when Henry E. Huntington started building and buying streetcar railroads in and around Los Angeles .
It was fought between the forces of Octavian and the combined forces of Mark Antony and Cleopatra .
It was found by Mark R. Showalter and Jack J. Lissauer in 2003 using the Hubble Space Telescope .
It was found by Seth Barnes Nicholson at Mount Wilson Observatory in California in July 1938 .
It was found in China It was an insectivore which means that it ate insects .
It was founded by Charles Bradlaugh in 1866 .
It was founded by Glen Bell and is a division of Yum !
It was founded by Li Hongzhi in 1992 .
It was founded by William Phillips and Philip Rahv .
It was founded in 1659 by the East India Company .
It was founded in 1688 .
It was founded in 1771 .
It was founded in 1785 .
It was founded in 1804 .
It was founded in 1849 .
It was founded in 1852 and it is one of the most important cities in state of Amazonas .
It was founded in 1858 .
It was founded in 1859 .
It was founded in 1865 as The Daily Dramatic Chronicle by teenage brothers Charles de Young and Michael H. de Young .
It was founded in 1868 .
It was founded in 1873 .
It was founded in 1882 .
It was founded in 1887 .
It was founded in 1889 .
It was founded in 1897 .
It was founded in 1898 .
It was founded in 1900 .
It was founded in 1907 .
It was founded in 1908 .
It was founded in 1911 .
It was founded in 1918 .
It was founded in 1925 by K.B. Hedgewar .
It was founded in 1934 .
It was founded in 1946 .
It was founded in 1947 .
It was founded in 1947 by Bernard Van Hool .
It was founded in 1963 .
It was founded in 1970 .
It was founded in 1971 .
It was founded in 1999 by the consolidation of the towns of Long Beach and Yaupon Beach .
It was founded in the 1970s by Peter Sauber .
It was founded in the early 1880s to look for iron .
It was founded on 12 May 1551 .
It was founded on 2 November 1903 .
It was four hours until her maids were allowed to prepare her body for burial .
It was frustration of many people with straight rail .
It was given a charter in 1600 .
It was given because of the characteristic sharp points on the maple leaves .
It was given by the polish communists .
It was given preference by the British government and made some people jealous .
It was he who finally suppressed the slave revolt led by Spartacus .
It was held at the Autodromo Enzo e Dino Ferrari in the town of Imola .
It was held in Ottawa in 1894 .
It was held in the Berlin suburb of Wannsee on 20 January 1942 .
It was held with the two hands in a fixed position in the same way a katana sword is held .
It was here that Harod Godwinson signed an oath that later ledto the Norman Conquest .
It was here that he performed to entertain worshipers .
It was his house Jesus and his disciples ate the last supper .
It was hit quite badly by the 2005 Pakistan Earthquake .
It was home of the Salem Witch Trials of 1692 .
It was home to Manchester City F.C. from when it was built in 1923 until 2003 .
It was hoped that a hotel could offer greater financial rewards than ticket sales .
It was important for other philosophers who developed the ideas of pragmatism and voluntarism .
It was in 1907 that residents of the town decided it was time to incorporate .
It was in 549 BC that Cyrus put an end to the empire of the Medes .
It was in honor of his wife .
It was inaugurated in 1896 during the rubber boom .
It was influenced a lot by the Roman and Greek cultures .
It was initially created to ensure a clean drinking water supply for the city of Srinagar .
It was introduced by Alonzo Church and Stephen Cole Kleene in the 1930s .
It was introduced in America by Thomas Jefferson in 1803 .
It was introduced in Germany in 1940 .
It was invented by Anthony Burgess when he wrote a book called A Clockwork Orange .
It was invented when women started to work more and was a simple way to cook a nutritional meal .
It was just the right size to make the front of an altar .
It was known in the 16th century .
It was later called Tasmania .
It was later invented in France in 12th century .
It was later recaptured by Hungary in the summer of 1919 .
It was later released for Windows computers and mobile phones .
It was later remade for other game consoles at the time .
It was later reported that the police officers that found her were so disgusted by the violent mutilation that they could not stay in the room for more than a few moments at a time .
It was later responsible for freight operations through the Channel Tunnel .
It was later shown in a small number of theaters in Canada in March of 2006 .
It was launched in Europe a day later on November 10 .
It was launched in the 1970s .
It was led by Hong Xiuquan .
It was located in an area of South Africa .
It was made a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1987 .
It was made a city in 1886 .
It was made a municipality by the Haitian government in 1843 .
It was made a province in 1959 with lands of the Santiago and the Monte Cristi provinces .
It was made by Herman Hollerith .
It was made by Insomniac Games and published by Sony .
It was made by Mark Zuckerberg .
It was made by Nintendo and is art of the WarioWare series .
It was made by bombarding a lead target with nickel .
It was made famous by a story by Geoffrey Chaucer called The Canterbury Tales .
It was made from a kind of reed called cyperus papyrus .
It was made in 1905 as Washington Department of Highways .
It was made in 1974 .
It was made in 1994 and was used as a category for statistics in 1991 .
It was made in Australia .
It was made in France .
It was made into a mosque in 1453 by the Turks and changed into a museum in 1935 .
It was made into a movie that came out in 2005 .
It was made popular by The Beatles .
It was made the capital of French West Africa in 1902 .
It was made to give slaves a chance to escape and to survive .
It was made to replace the Saab 29 Tunnan .
It was mainly made up of farms .
It was men like Dattatreya who helped to make this possible .
It was more than a year before Monroe began her next film .
It was named Zaire for most of the time when Mobutu Sese Seko was dictator of the country .
It was named after Carlo Gambino .
It was named after Chief Kgosi Gaborone of the BaTlokwa tribe .
It was named after Dutch explorer Abel Tasman .
It was named after a queen in Greek mythology called Cassiopeia .
It was named after the River Tay .
It was named after the prehistoric Uffington White Horse .
It was named after the river la Mayenne and its number is 53 .
It was named again as Byrd Surface Camp .
It was named by D.A. Russell in 1970 .
It was named for Cornelius Harnett .
It was named for the Duchy of Nassau in Germany .
It was named in March 2005 after the nymph Kallichore .
It was named in October 2002 after the Greek mythological figure Kalyke or Calyce . .
It was named this because scientists discovered that it looked after its young .
It was needed for scanning .
It was never part of the national rail network .
It was new founded in 1990 .
It was nominated for awards for production and writing from The Celtic Film Festival and Writers Guild of Great Britain .
It was nominated for three Academy Awards .
It was not a happy marriage .
It was not an immediate success .
It was not popular at first .
It was not until 1762 that he became famous and the government gave him a pension of three hundred pounds a year .
It was not until 1971 that it was rediscovered by a reporter who worked for a local newspaper in the area .
It was not until almost 100 years after the smallpox vaccination that medicine found the next vaccination .
It was not until the 1930s that the species is thought to have become established in that area .
It was not until the 1950s and 1960s that things began to change .
It was not very popular .
It was not well received by the critics either .
It was not widely used at first .
It was of strategic importance during the Eighty Years War and the Napoleonic Wars .
It was officially called the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom .
It was one of several works he wrote inspired by Shakespeare .
It was one of the first American colonies .
It was one of the first European city founded in the Hispaniola island .
It was one of the first movies about AIDS .
It was one of the groups that wanted the Equal Rights Amendment and other ways to make women equal to men .
It was one of the most important battles in the history of Costa Rica .
It was one of the most important battles of the Second World War .
It was one of two cities in Japan that were bombed with an atomic bomb near the end of World War II .
It was only Iambe who was able to make Demeter laugh .
It was only about 25 miles then .
It was only the second such grant since the Reformation .
It was open from 1917 to 1967 .
It was opened in 1860 and soon became the most important theater for opera and ballet in Russia .
It was opened in 1893 .
It was opened in 1908 and reopened in Gyeongbok Palace in 2005 .
It was opened in 1923 .
It was opened in 1992 .
It was opened in Changgyeong Palace in 1909 and reopened in Yongsan District in 2005 .
It was opened on 11 July 1898 .
It was opened on 20 October 2006 by NSW Premier Morris Iemma .
It was originally called the Swiss Family Treehouse .
It was originally in eastern North America and eastern Asia .
It was originally the site of a coal mine .
It was painted in 1656 .
It was painted on ships to prevent barnacles from growing .
It was part of the Barahona province before being elevated to the category of province .
It was part of the Monte Cristi province before being elevated to the category of province .
It was part of the War of the Sixth Coalition .
It was part of the old province of Santo Domingo and of the El Seibo province before being elevated to the category of province .
It was passed by Congress in 1795 .
It was performed in London and Paris .
It was performed in London in 1919 with designs by Picasso .
It was popular .
It was popular in the 1960s in the United States of America and Canada .
It was praised by critics who said it was a party anthem .
It was preceded by Walt Disney Masterpiece Collection .
It was pretty much the same as the one housed in plastic except that it was a little better and that it was housed in metal .
It was previously called Flame !
It was previously part of Massachusetts .
It was printed in 1747 .
It was probably created between the year 175 and 225 .
It was probably the most scandalous bank robbery in the Eastern bloc .
It was produced by DiC Entertainment and syndicated in its Kideo TV package .
It was produced by Kevin Shirley and Steve Harris .
It was published by The Encyclopedia Press .
It was published for the British Ministry of Health .
It was published in 1660 by Johannes Janssonius .
It was published in 1847 in England .
It was published in 1923 .
It was published in 1997 and a movie version was shown in theaters in 2001 .
It was published in the United Kingdom by Rex Collings Ltd in 1972 and it has never since been out of print .
It was quickly put down .
It was recently deemed socially important by the United States Library of Congress .
It was recently made independent from the army .
It was reconstructed by Fr .
It was related to Oviraptor but looked more like Archaeopteryx .
It was related to Troodon .
It was released 30 November 2009 for .
It was released May 18th 2010 .
It was released October 22nd 2010 .
It was released by Elektra Records on February 21 1986 .
It was released for the Xbox 360 and later on the PC .
It was released for the album Even Worse in 1988 .
It was released in 1986 in the album Reign in Blood .
It was released in 1988 for the album Even Worse .
It was released in 1991 .
It was released in 1995 .
It was released in 2001 .
It was released in 2003 .
It was released in 2004 .
It was released in April 1993 .
It was released in June 2003 .
It was released in North America in November 2006 .
It was released in the 1992 album Off the Deep End .
It was released in the UK on November 6 2006 and internationally on December 7 2006 .
It was released in theaters in May 2006 .
It was released on October 8 2007 on XL Recordings .
It was released on limited edition vinyl .
It was removed in 1995 because local government in Scotland was made simpler .
It was renamed Maine Road during the 1870s because of pressure from the Temperance Movement .
It was replaced by the new Delta in 2008 .
It was reported that Mary wept through the whole ceremony .
It was resident in Dresden .
It was ruled by a Sultan .
It was ruled by one governor and 24 directors .
It was said that he had the best powers through out the land .
It was second in size to Bathurst .
It was secretly used during the Second World War by the Australian air force .
It was selected as a penal colony because it was isolated from the rest of Tasmania .
It was settled by Europeans in the early 19th Century .
It was shown in the movie When Dinosaurs Roamed America .
It was shown on Australian TV on 10 January 2007 . .
It was shown on Broadway starting in 1982 .
It was similar to that of Mount St. Helens in 1980 and the ongoing eruption of Montserrat in the Caribbean .
It was six years before Kerouac published his second novel .
It was split into more counties later on .
It was spoken long before the Romans brought Latin to the Iberian Peninsula .
It was sponsored by the Brancacci family who paid for its decoration .
It was spread to the Middle East .
It was started by David Massey .
It was started by Marcion of Sinope in Rome .
It was started by and named after William Hanna and Joseph Barbera .
It was started by the Clark Foundation .
It was started by the National Library Act .
It was started in 1673 by Danjyurou Ichikawa .
It was started in 1810 on Kungsholmen island on the west side of Stockholm .
It was started in 1829 .
It was started in 1834 in the eastern North Carolina town of Wake Forest .
It was started in 1863 .
It was started in 1903 .
It was started in 1905 .
It was started in 1984 by Bob Geldof and Midge Ure .
It was started in 2000 to help young cellists to start their careers .
It was started in 2001 by Michael Flaherty and Cary Granat .
It was started in 2007 .
It was started in A.D. 301 by a skilled builder called as Saint Marinus .
It was started in January 2001 after the closing of the Cheiron Studios .
It was started when the General Baptists and Particular Baptists came together in 1891 .
It was successful commercially as well .
It was supported by the University of Texas Institute for Geophysics .
It was surprisingly well set up for a temporary circuit .
It was temporarily open to the public on 23 May 2009 .
It was the 34th state to become part of the United States .
It was the Democratic political machine that played a major role in controlling New York City politics .
It was the Soviet sector of Berlin that was established in 1945 .
It was the beginning of twenty years in which she was the queen of Drury Lane .
It was the biggest selling song that year .
It was the capital of Illinois from 1819 to 1839 .
It was the capital of Russia until 1918 .
It was the capital of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam from 1945 until now .
It was the capital of the Qalat Khanate .
It was the capital of the earlier Pandyan Kingdom .
It was the capital of the former princely state of Bahawalpur .
It was the center of the coal mining and metallurgy .
It was the christening site of Jose Rizal .
It was the control center for all air force missions in the Pacific area .
It was the currency of Hejaz before Saudi Arabia was a country .
It was the decisive battle in the First War of Scottish Independence .
It was the eighth annual Backlash PPV .
It was the fifth annual Backlash PPV .
It was the fifth discovered dwarf planet .
It was the first agencies that could control minimum wages .
It was the first camp of the Nazis and became the prototype for all other camps .
It was the first city in the Southern Hemisphere to have electric street lights .
It was the first episode written by Jon Vitti .
It was the first home they had ever bought .
It was the first island in the Azores Archipelago to be discovered .
It was the first major battle in the American Civil War to happen in the northern states .
It was the first narrow gauge railway in Britain authorised by Act of Parliament to carry passengers using steam haulage .
It was the first of the Cook Islands he voyaged to .
It was the first time CUF agreed to recognize Karume as the legitimate president of Zanzibar .
It was the greatest disaster in Roman military history .
It was the largest habitable place .
It was the largest member of the family Sinraptoridae .
It was the last battle in the Second Punic War .
It was the last battle of the Northern Virginia Campaign during the American Civil War .
It was the last parrot type to have lived before the European conquest in the eastern United States .
It was the main place for making cloth and fabric .
It was the most expensive movie ever made at the time .
It was the orchestra that belonged to the emperor and it played privately for the court of Alexander III of Russia .
It was the seventh annual Backlash PPV .
It was the sixth annual Backlash PPV .
It was the worst riot in Los Angeles history until the Los Angeles riots of 1992 .
It was their fifth album .
It was their first single to reach the Top 10 .
It was their last major attempt to gain ground .
It was then forgotten about for many years .
It was then incorporated into the Ukrainian SSR .
It was then named after the son of Abraham Sason .
It was there that they decided to find her a new name .
It was thought to be extinct after the last four known specimens were taken in 1898 .
It was threatened with closure in World War II because Churchill thought a cartoon made fun of the navy .
It was thrust though the knotted hair of a woman .
It was to use instead of the Pink Triangle symbol used before .
It was to wipe out the Cathars almost entirely over forty or so years .
It was transferred to the Jubilee line on May 1 1979 .
It was typed on a single roll of teletype paper .
It was unusual for a musician to have such a high honor .
It was used as a bright green pigment .
It was used as a fire extinguisher .
It was used as a naval station help stop the slave trade .
It was used as a starting point for attacks on Spain .
It was used as an insecticide .
It was used by eastern North America and later by European settlers .
It was used by the American Academy of Dramatic Arts from 1898 .
It was used for cremation of the King and his royal relatives .
It was used for stabbing when the katana was made for using with one hand .
It was used in the Vietnam War .
It was used to host the 1982 FIFA World Cup and the 1992 Summer Olympics .
It was used to make fluorine without using electrolysis .
It was used to treat many different sicknesses .
It was very badly polluted through industry .
It was very poor in 1936 when the Civil War was fought .
It was very popular at the time and is still repeated .
It was very popular during his lifetime and continued to be performed by the Vienna State Opera until 1938 .
It was very successful worldwide reaching number one in many countries .
It was very well liked .
It was when humans became free to learn .
It was widely known in Elizabethan times .
It was wiped out by the Roman Catholic Church in the 13th century by a Crusade .
It was written around 1280 BC .
It was written by Alan Moore and illustrated by Dave Gibbons .
It was written by American author Ludwig Bemelmans .
It was written by David Bowie and John Lennon of The Beatles .
It was written by Jay Kogen and Wallace Wolodarsky and directed by Wes Archer .
It was written by Mallanaga Vatsyayana .
It was written by Orson Scott Card in 1995 .
It was written by Ray Bradbury and first published in 1953 .
It was written in the form of an autobiography .
It was years before his grave received a headstone .
It wass found only in the Yangtze River in China .
It went from trading with India to ruling India .
It were etablished in 1906 and owned by Fiat since 1969 .
It will also be brown on the five edges and feel hard .
It will also connect to Marina South via a spur line branching off Promenade Station and ending at Marina Bay Station .
It will also feature attractions such as Warner Bros. .
It will be 40 kilometers long and have 33 stations .
It will be cared for by hospital staff .
It will be just like the old Bullseye round used from 1992 to 1994 .
It will be located at the headquarters of the Jackie Robinson Foundation at One Hudson Square in lower Manhattan .
It will be partially torn down and used for high school and college baseball games .
It will be rather loose and sludgy .
It will be the eighth game in the Call of Duty series .
It will cause the metal to darken or go dull by making a thin film on the metal .
It will change directly from a solid to a gas at any temperature higher than extremely cold temperatures .
It will hunt other animals and also feed on dead animals .
It will introduce new properties like .
It will last for seven years .
It will make long trips in tree branches instead of coming down to the ground .
It will not melt from a solid to a liquid but instead changes directly from a solid to a gas .
It will only work if the player does not lose a life .
It will return in 2061 .
It will run from Marina Bay to Changi Airport .
It will stop the fire from spreading to the auditorium where the audience sits .
It will then do another waggle run and then turn to the left and circle back to the beginning .
It will then release itself and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
It won a Grammy and an MTV Video Music Award .
It won an Academy Award and was directed by Luc Jacquet .
It won four awards .
It won the 2005 Dilys Award .
It won the IGN.com award for best RPG game of the year .
It works by using a compass needle to compare a magnetic field generated by the unknown current to the magnetic field of the Earth .
It would be possible to make a theory All crows are white .
It would end up being his final tour .
It would end up being his last major hit with the Motown label .
It would take another four years until his parents allowed him to quit .
Italian settlers started arriving in Santa Catarina in 1875 .
Italians felt that Airoldi was not allowed to compete because Greeks wanted to win the marathon .
Italy began the war with the Allies on 10 June .
Its Latin and scientific name is Lavandula .
Its Latin name is Hordeum vulgare .
Its Local Government Area is the City of Glen Eira .
Its a great place to learn many things in life .
Its administrative center is the city of Uzhhorod .
Its amateur radio call sign prefix is JX .
Its amazingly poetic verses make it one of best anthems in the world .
Its analog nature has also been the cause of a great number of problems .
Its approach by rail is by a triangular connection to both London Bridge station and Charing Cross station .
Its atomic mass is exactly 12 .
Its atomic number is 20 .
Its atomic number is 48 and its atomic mass is 112.4 .
Its bankings reach 42 degrees in the middle .
Its beach is very attractive and visited by many tourists and natives .
Its birthstone is the emerald .
Its bogs are home to many unusual plants such as the sundew .
Its borders were altered in 1866 and 1868 .
Its capital and largest city is Boston .
Its capital and the largest city is Hobart .
Its capital city is Mao .
Its capital city is Nagua .
Its capital city is San Ignacio de Sabaneta .
Its capital city is San Juan de la Maguana .
Its capital city is Santa Cruz de Barahona .
Its capital city is Santo Domingo Este .
Its capital is Aarau .
Its capital is Bridgetown .
Its capital is Kagoshima .
Its capital is Kazan .
Its capital is La Paz .
Its capital is Libreville .
Its capital is Mezari Sharif .
Its capital is Mons .
Its capital is Montpellier .
Its capital is Nantes .
Its capital is Tabriz .
Its capital is Windhoek .
Its capital is also called Campeche .
Its capital is called Ciudad Victoria .
Its capital is situated at the town of Salogo .
Its capital is situated at the town of Zam .
Its capital is the city of Namur .
Its capital was Altenburg .
Its case was only 5.25 mm thick .
Its cast includes actors from other late 2007 and early 2008 BBC costume dramas such as Sense and Sensibility and Cranford .
Its category was changed to province by the Dominican Constitution of 1907 .
Its cathedral was constructed in 1799 and elevated to Diocese of Antioquia in 1804 by Pope Pius VII .
Its chemical formula is BaBr2 .
Its chemical formula is BaCO3 .
Its chemical formula is BaO .
Its chemical formula is BaO2 .
Its chemical formula is BaS .
Its chemical formula is BaSO4 .
Its chemical formula is CCl4 .
Its chemical formula is CS2 .
Its chemical formula is Ca3N2 .
Its chemical formula is CdBr2 .
Its chemical formula is CdCl2 .
Its chemical formula is CdF2 .
Its chemical formula is CdI2 .
Its chemical formula is CdO .
Its chemical formula is CdS .
Its chemical formula is CdSO4 .
Its chemical formula is CdTe .
Its chemical formula is GaAs .
Its chemical formula is MgO .
Its chemical formula is Mn2O3 .
Its chemical formula is MnF2 .
Its chemical formula is MnF3 .
Its chemical formula is MnF4 .
Its chemical formula is MnO .
Its chemical formula is MnSO4 .
Its chemical formula is Sb2O3 .
Its chemical formula is SnO2 .
Its colors are red and yellow .
Its counterpart is the Western Conference .
Its county seat is Altus .
Its county seat is Anadarko .
Its county seat is Antigo .
Its county seat is Ardmore .
Its county seat is Bartlesville .
Its county seat is Beaufort .
Its county seat is Bradenton .
Its county seat is Buffalo .
Its county seat is Clayton .
Its county seat is Concord .
Its county seat is Crystal City .
Its county seat is Dade City .
Its county seat is El Reno .
Its county seat is Enid .
Its county seat is Fairview .
Its county seat is Lenoir .
Its county seat is Lihue .
Its county seat is Lillington .
Its county seat is Madill .
Its county seat is Madison .
Its county seat is Milton .
Its county seat is Morgan
Its county seat is Nashville .
Its county seat is New Cordell .
Its county seat is Newkirk .
Its county seat is Newton
Its county seat is Newton .
Its county seat is Ocala .
Its county seat is Pauls Valley .
Its county seat is Pawnee .
Its county seat is Rockwell City .
Its county seat is Stigler .
Its county seat is Stillwater .
Its county seat is Wagoner .
Its county seat is Wilburton .
Its county seat is Yanceyville .
Its county seat is Zapata .
Its county seat is the community of Camden .
Its dense foliage provides shade and is grown just for its ornamental value .
Its design is different from that of other elevators .
Its eastern border with Gadsden County forms the boundary in this area between the Central Standard and Eastern Standard Time Zones .
Its eastern regions are located on the Indian plate and the western and northern regions on the Iranian plateau and Eurasian landplate .
Its easy to see that for any element of it can be represented as a combination of the above basis .
Its economy is steadily growing and it is a relatively rich country in Southeast Asia .
Its effects have been described as similar to those of alcohol or ecstasy .
Its escalators are the longest in the southern hemisphere .
Its far northern end crosses into Ethiopia .
Its feathers are thought to be special .
Its first rector was Juan Bautista de la Roca .
Its first release was based on Red Hat Linux 5.1 and was released in July 1998 .
Its fiscal year ends September 30 .
Its formula is H2O .
Its fossils have been found in Mongolia and China .
Its genome was sequenced in 2010 by the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute .
Its genus is Santalum .
Its geographical coordinates are .
Its goal was to try and build on the success of the well attended events like the World Championships and World Cup Classics Meetings .
Its has been made into beads and used in jewellery since Prehistoric times .
Its head reported to the Director of the British Museum .
Its hotness is more like hot mustard or horseradish than chili pepper because it irritates the nose more than the tongue .
Its independence was fully realized after it declared it self as independent most of 1971 from Pakistan after a bloody war in which over a million people died .
Its internal systematics are still uncertain .
Its inventor was Adam Osborne who was also a former book publisher .
Its jaws are narrow like those of Giganotosaurus .
Its large amounts of fish have been used for centuries for food and money .
Its largest city is Joinville .
Its length is estimated at just less than a metre .
Its main base is at Hong Kong International Airport .
Its main base is at Taichung International Airport .
Its main flavourings are garlic and anchovies .
Its main use is as a catalyst and also in jewellery .
Its main uses are as chemical compounds in color televisions and nuclear magnetic resonance radio contrast agents .
Its mainland is located on the Malay Peninsula and faces the Straits of Malacca on its West coast and on the South China Sea on its East coast .
Its mass number is 54.94 .
Its mass number is about 137.3 .
Its mass number is about 40.08 .
Its mayor is Gerold Strobel .
Its mayor is Mark Funkhouser .
Its mayor is Norbert Zitzmann .
Its mayor is Rudi Eck .
Its medical counterpart is the National Institutes of Health .
Its military branch is the Caucasian Front .
Its mistress is Our Lady of the Meadow .
Its modern history is intimately related with the history of science .
Its most common name as an illegal drug is probably liquid Ecstasy .
Its most famous game is Runescape .
Its most noted prisoner was Adolf Hitler .
Its name comes from the Roman God Saturn .
Its name comes from the fact that hair loss almost always follows the same pattern .
Its name has always been La Vega .
Its name in English is Upper Savoy .
Its name in the Welsh language is Caerdydd .
Its name is short for Municipal Railway .
Its natural habitat is mild grassland .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
Its natural habitat is temperate forests .
Its office can be found in the Doha International Airport .
Its official SEPTA address is 12th and Filbert streets .
Its official language is English .
Its official language is Malay but English is often used in education and economic scenes .
Its official name is Bamberg Cathedral of St. Peter and St. George .
Its official name is the Commonwealth of Massachusetts .
Its official name is the Republic of Kazakhstan .
Its official name is the State of Qatar .
Its old name is Kisle .
Its one of three regions in Belgium .
Its orbital elements are as of January 2000 .
Its orchestra is the Bavarian State Orchestra .
Its original name was given back to the province in 1961 when the new La Altagracia province was created .
Its own large eyes detect even the faintest of gleams .
Its population according to 2001 census is 16.457 inhabitants .
Its population has doubled since 1990 .
Its population in 2009 was 24.695 inhabitants .
Its population is about 14000 .
Its population is about 527.607 inhabitants .
Its population is ca .
Its prefecture is Bastia .
Its prefecture is Gap .
Its president is General Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz .
Its purpose is to protect and promote Tamil culture and bring a sense of togetherness amongst Tamils in different countries .
Its recommendations were used during construction of the Panama Canal .
Its result was one of the most decisive defeats of the Byzantine Empire and the capture of the Byzantine Emperor Romanos IV Diogenes .
Its return was for similar reasons as to why balkline developed .
Its role is one of the biggest .
Its root is used as a spice and has a very strong flavor .
Its roots go back to the early medieval period .
Its runner shape was similar to that of a Francis turbine .
Its scientific name is Undaria pinnatifida .
Its second era of expansion was during the Industrial Revolution .
Its seeds are a cereal grain .
Its sister airline is Dragonair which serves destinations in China and Asia .
Its skull is flat on the top .
Its source is in the Rothaargebirge .
Its south coasts are washed by the Aegean Sea .
Its specific gravity is 5.76 .
Its speed keeps it from sinking .
Its subcategories contain encyclopedia articles as well as project pages .
Its surface maximum depth is 48 meters .
Its symbol is Ba .
Its symbol is Cd .
Its symbol is Cs .
Its symbol is Ra .
Its symbol is Rn .
Its symbol is V.
Its tail becomes fatter when it eats something .
Its tail is usually has a white tip .
Its territory was ceded to Turkey by the Soviet Union in the Treaty of Kars .
Its toenails are white or black in black spotted dogs and brown or white in liver spotted dogs .
Its top competitor is DC Comics .
Its total area is 61km2 .
Its trucks used in the Lisbon trams and in the UK on the Blackpool tramway .
Its two cities are Lancaster and Preston .
Its upper register is shrill and sometimes scary .
Its use is mainly for Hindu rulers .
Its walls are near vertical cliffs up to 600m high .
Its watershed covers an area of 562 square miles .
Its western border with Jackson County forms the boundary in this area between the Eastern and Central Time Zones .
Ivanchuk has often had erratic results .
Izutsu Yatsuhashi was established by Sahei Tsuda in 1805 .
J. Public Health .
JBL and Batista wrestled for the championship at the Great American Bash on July 24 2005 .
JBL defeated Batista by disqualification after the referee saw Batista use a steel chair .
Jabbeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
Jabiru has a small airport from which scenic flights operate daily .
Jack Bauer is the main character in the television series 24 .
Jack Charlton is a former football player .
Jack Dorsey is an American software developer and business person .
Jack London had political beliefs .
Jack London was a writer who wrote many books .
Jack London was also a hobo at one time .
Jack Peddie is a former football player .
Jack Straw became a Labor Party MP at the 1979 General Election for the constituency of Blackburn .
Jack in the Box is an American fast food restaurant founded in 1951 by Robert O. Peterson .
Jack is a time traveller and former con man from the 51st century .
Jackals are canids found in Africa and Asia .
Jackie Chan Adventures was an animated television series .
Jackie Chan first acchieved this back in the 1990s .
Jackie French was born in Sydney and grew up in Brisbane .
Jackie Robinson Parkway also runs through the cemetery .
Jackie Robinson was one of the best athletes at Pasadena Junior College .
Jackie also appears regularly on radio and television .
Jackson County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida .
Jackson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Jackson County is in the Central Standard Time Zone .
Jackson County is the only county in Florida that borders both Georgia and Alabama .
Jackson County originally spread from the Choctawhatchee River on the west to the Suwannee River on the east .
Jackson Junction is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Jackson is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Jackson is an American city in the state of Wyoming .
Jackson is the capital city and largest city of the U.S. state of Mississippi .
Jacksonville Beach is a city of Florida in the United States .
Jacksonville is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Jacksonville is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Jacksonville is roughly a two hour drive northeast .
Jacob Black is a fictional character from the movies called Twilight Saga .
Jacob City is a city of Florida in the United States .
Jacob can also turn into a wolf .
Jacob had an older brother .
Jacob is in the bible .
Jacobabad is located at .
Jacobabad is said to be one of the hottest cities in Pakistan .
Jacobabad is the capital city of Jacobabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
Jacobitism began after the deposition of James II and VII in 1688 .
Jacqueline Bouvier and then congressman John F. Kennedy were in the same social circle and were introduced by a mutual friend at a dinner party in May 1952 .
Jacquerie was a large uprising in late medieval Europe by French peasants in 1358 protesting heavy taxation in the Oise valley north of Paris .
Jacques Cartier was a French trader and explorer .
Jacqui Katona is an Aboriginal woman who tried to stop the Jabiluka uranium mine in the Northern Territory .
Jadgal people are mostly Muslim .
Jagannath is a form of god Krishna .
Jagdterriers are a breed of dogs .
Jagiellons were hereditary rulers of Poland and Lithuania .
Jaguar Racing was a Formula One team which raced from 2000 to 2004 .
Jahanian tehsil is subdivided into 12 Union Councils of Pakistan .
Jak 3 is a video game made by Naughty Dog .
Jak and Daxter have saved the world !
Jak and Daxter is sent to Errol to stop him .
Jake Delomme used to be quarterback for the Panthers .
Jakob Bernoulli first described the LLN .
Jalisco is a state of Mexico .
Jalisco is also a Mexican restaurant in Vero Beach Florida
Jallianwala Bagh is a public garden in Amritsar city in Punjab province of India .
Jalpaiguri Division is a division in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Jamaica gained its independence from the UK in 1962 .
Jamaica is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Jamaica is also known for its dances and its performers .
Jamaica is an island country in the Caribbean .
Jamaica national football team is the national football team of Jamaica .
Jamaican English is a type on English where some words are changed to suit Jamaican accents .
James Bond is a fictional British spy created by Ian Fleming in 1953 .
James Cook reported that he had seen tattooing being done when he was in Tahiti in 1769 .
James Cottrell was elected as the first Mayor of Yass .
James E. Porter was Mayor in 1910 .
James Hilton was born in Leigh .
James Honer is a music director .
James Madison and others thought it should be far away from other states and cities .
James River is a 410 miles long river in the state of Virginia in the United States .
James Stevens wrote a book called Paul Bunyan in 1925 .
James Watt was a brilliant engineer and he also transformed the Newcomen engine .
James also thought his daughter was unfaithful to him .
James and the Giant Peach is a 1996 Disney animated movie .
James made one serious attempt to recover his throne when he landed in Ireland in 1689 .
James noted that Robinson was one of the top players in the league throughout his career .
James owns a shoe factory that can make 60 shoes in half a day .
James was influenced by the strict Scottish Reformation very much .
James was very educated and good at learning .
Jamestown is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Jamestown is a harbor and the capital of the British island of Saint Helena .
Jamestown is a town in the United States .
Jamestown was the first permanent English settlement in what would become the United States .
Jamie Redknapp is an English footballer .
Jamiroquai is an English acid jazz band .
Jamshoro is the capital of Jamshoro District .
Jan Mayen is an island in the Arctic Ocean .
Jan Ullrich first rode the Tour de France in 1996 .
Jan Ullrich is the only German athlete who has won this event .
Jan Ullrich started cycling early .
Jan Ullrich still says that he has never taken drugs with the intention of fixing a race .
Jana Gana Mana written in Sanskritised Bengali is the first of five stanzas of a Brahmo hymn composed and scored by Nobel Prize winner Rabindranath Tagore .
Jane Austen and her family also enjoyed acting out plays privately .
Jane Austen was very modest about her own genius .
Jane Eyre is a love story .
Jane Seymour was the child of John Seymour and Margaret Wentworth .
Jane also found friendship with her cousin and future king Edward VI .
Jane returned all the crown jewels and clothes .
Jane was an English noblewoman who occupied the English throne from 10 July until 19 July 1553 and was executed for high treason .
Jane was dealt another blow in 1549 when Thomas Seymour was arrested on charges of treason .
Jane was found guilty but the Queen pardoned her .
Jane was going to be beheaded .
Jane was queen for nine days .
Jane was shivering badly but her neck stayed perfectly still .
Jane was told by her parents and John Dudley that she was queen .
Janesville is a city in the state of Wisconsin in the United States .
Janesville is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Janice Raymond has also served as an expert witness to legal challenges promoting decriminalization of the sex industry .
Janice Raymond has been in the forefront of the campaign to get prostitution recognized as violence against women and one of the most entrenched forms of gender inequality .
Janko Prunk has written over 350 specialized articles and several books .
Jannah is the Islamic conception of paradise .
Janne Da Arc is a Japanese rock band .
January 1 is the first day of the calendar year in the Julian calendar and the Gregorian calendar .
January 3 is the third day of the year in the current calendar system we use .
January and February were put on the calendar after all the other months .
January is the first month of the year in the Julian and Gregorian calendars .
Janus is a moon of Saturn .
Japan Football League is a football league which is third division in Japan .
Japan Soccer League is a former football league in Japan .
Japan did not surrender .
Japan had contact with the Europeans for a little while in the 16th century .
Japan has 4 problems about territory .
Japan has etiquette about tatamiberi .
Japan has many earthquakes .
Japan is separated from the Asian continent by the East Sea or the Sea of Japan and the East China Sea .
Japan is surrounded by the ocean so there is a rich variety of seafood which is an important part of Japanese cooking .
Japan national football team is the national football team of Japan .
Japan surrendered and the war ended .
Japan then attacked the Russians to get this important piece of land .
Japan took its oil for fuel from that area .
Japanese Language Institute was set up in 1992 .
Japanese Regional Leagues is a football league which is fourth division in Japan .
Japanese are taught not to step on the tatamiberi .
Japanese cuisine is not the same in every region of Japan .
Japanese dragons usually live in the sea .
Japanese folklore is the folklore of Japan .
Japanese food has become more popular outside of Japan .
Japanese forces captured the airport and nearby oil refinery after a short but bloody battle .
Japanese gardens also have its own unique designs based on what the owner want to feature .
Japanese has five vowel sounds that can have two different lengths .
Japanese hokku and haiku are traditionally printed in one vertical line .
Japanese mythology is a very difficult system of beliefs that includes Shinto and Buddhist traditions .
Japanese names have two parts .
Japanese often say the ohako is own good tune with karaoke .
Japanese people did not eat meat until the Europeans first came .
Japanese people often dry the tatami .
Japanese women had a very clear role in Japanese society .
Jared Carter is a poet .
Jargon is a special way to use words that are shared only by a certain group of people .
Jargon is also common in the military .
Jarret used to drive in the NASCAR Sprint cup series .
Jarrow is a town in England .
Jarvis Green is a defensive end for the Denver Broncos .
Jarvis Island is an island owned by the United States .
Jarvis Island was officially made part of the United States in 1858 .
Jasmine is a genus of plants .
Jason and the Argonauts went to find the Golden Fleece .
Jason then married the princess of Corinth so they could stay .
Jason was a hero in Greek mythology .
Jason was named one of Top 10 Most Stylish Men in America by GQ magazine .
Jason was the captain of the ship the Argos .
Jasper is the county seat of Dubois County .
Jaspers then spent the next four years primarily with the Falcons of the American Hockey League .
Jaspers was drafted 71st overall by the Phoenix Coyotes in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft .
Jasseron is a commune .
Jaulgonne is a commune .
Jaundice is a sign that the liver is not working .
Jaundice is common in newly born babies .
Jaundice is the most common of all liver problems .
Jaunjelgava is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1647 .
Java can run on many different operating systems .
Java does this by making the Java compiler turn code into Java bytecode instead of machine code .
Java is a programming language that can run on many different computers including mobile phones .
Java is not the same as JavaScript .
Java is object oriented .
JavaScript is a scripting language for computers .
JavaScript is a scripting language mainly used by web browsers .
Jaworzno is a city in Poland in Silesia voivodship .
Jay is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Jaya he !
Jayat is a commune .
Jaywalking is a form of crossing a street by not following the cross walk .
Jazz club and dance club sometimes do their event .
Jazz fusion began in the late 1960s in the United States .
Jazz fusion music does not get played on the radio much in the United States or Canada .
Jazz fusion music mixes jazz music styles with rock music styles .
Jazz fusion music songs are often longer than pop music songs .
Jazz is a 1978 album by English rock band Queen .
Jazz is a type of music which was invented in the United States .
Jazz piano is a word for the ways pianists play jazz .
Jazz started in the United States in the early 20th century .
Jean Monnet of France said that France should control the German coal areas of the Ruhr and Saar and use it to rebuild French industry .
Jeckle was a member of the International Red Cross .
Jemison graduated high school at the age of 16 .
Jennifer and David try to convince him to help them explain to NORAD that this is just a game that Joshua is playing .
Jennings also became the narrator of the show for all seven seasons .
Jennings claimed that in the years afterward he felt severe guilt over the crash .
Jennings recorded a series of albums with Willie Nelson in the late 1970s which increased the popularity of the outlaw country sound .
Jenny becomes pregnant but the baby dies in her first trimester so they decide to take a belated honeymoon to Ireland and leave Marley with a dogsitter and becomes a handful for the dogsitter because of the thunderstorms that are around there .
Jenny is experiencing all the signs of postpartum depression though she denies it and grows impatient of Marley and John and thinks they should give Marley away while John asks Sebastian to take care of him but Jenny realizes that Marley has become a indispensable part of the family and decides that he can stay .
Jeogori is a shirts or a jacket for both of female and male .
Jeolla province is quite famous for serving many differnt kinds of banchan in a single meal .
Jergens is a company that makes beauty products .
Jesus merged his human form with the divine .
Jesus tells Peter to go fishing in the lake .
Jesus was baptized by John the Baptist .
Jewish children often play a game called dreidel in celebration of Hanukkah .
Jewish folklore suggests it adds strength while fasting .
Jews call their book the Torah .
Jim Bowie also died at the Battle of the Alamo
Jimmie Foxx was the first player to win more than once .
Jin grew up in the chaos of early communist China .
Jin has a more traditional style .
Jin sets many of his stories and novels in China in an imaginary place called Muji City .
Joacim also had his first child .
Joan mostly kept them apart .
Joe Biden is the current Vice President of the United States .
John Caulfield was an early settler in the colony of Victoria .
John Cena returned and won the 2008 Royal Rumble .
John Locke is most famous for thinking about it .
John Madden was hired as head coach .
John McLoughlin was head man at Fort Vancouver and helped the Americans with tools and seed .
John Pettie liked music and helped MacCunn in his career by organizing concerts of his music .
John Rowswell was elected as mayor in the 2000 municipal election .
John Sheehan was appointed Marshal in 1875 .
John von Neumann was his assistant .
Johnson became the President of the United States .
Johnson died in 1784 and is buried in Westminster Abbey .
Johnson said to him that it would have been nice to have had help when he was needing it .
Johnson spent several years writing his Dictionary of the English language .
Johnston grew up in West Virginia in a Christian family .
Jones and Ravenwood fly to Cairo and recruit a man named Sallah to help him out .
Jones continues to perform .
Jones escapes .
Jones gives up the idol and runs to his airplane .
Jonny had had to leave university after a few months to join Radiohead on a tour when they became popular .
Jonny was also younger than any of the other members .
Jonny was the only member of the band who did not graduate from university .
Jorunn J. Buckley looked at these special marks the copyists left in the Left Ginza .
Jose Riza tried very hard to make it a peaceful group .
Joseph Smith was killed there .
Josephson contends that some scientists feel uncomfortable about ideas such as telepathy and that their emotions sometimes get in the way when making evaluations .
Joshua meets him and together then both go off to convince Falken to help them stop World War III .
Joyce became a very famous writer after he published Ulysses .
Joyce met Nora Barnacle in 1904 and they began to have a long relationship until his death in 1941 .
Juan Pablo Montoya and Jamie McMurray drive for this team in the Nascar Sprint cup series .
Judaism believes that no one ever has inherited an Original Sin .
Judaism teaches ever since Moses that any sin could not be inherited by others .
Judaism teaches that a sin is personal .
Judaism teaches that sin can not be passed on from the parents to their children .
Judea was conquered by the Babylonians .
Juggla 4 .
Jules Verne was a famous citizen of Nantes
Julius Caesar conquered the Celtic Parisii tribe in 52 BC .
July 2005 .
Jung is famous for many things that he did for psychology .
Jung liked to study strange books and sciences .
Jung wrote this book so that most people could understand him .
Jupiter and Saturn are similar because they are made up of mostly hydrogen and helium .
Jura is the newest canton in Switzerland since 1978 .
Just before Halo 2 begins the covenant discover another Halo that can only be got through a portal found near Earth .
Just before he made his return Orton reinjured himself in a motorcycle accident .
KTA helps users by running a radio station about the road .
KTEL buses carry out daily bus routes to almost all destinations .
Kabaddi is also popular .
Kabuki actors do not perform only kabuki but also act in TV drama and movies .
Kabuki is not meant to look like real life .
Kabuki is the traditional Japanese classical drama which started about 400 years ago .
Kabuki theaters are very unique .
Kabuki theaters have long histories and these were so unique .
Kabul is the capital and the largest city in Afghanistan with about 3 million people living there .
Kachemak is a city in Alaska .
Kader Abdolah is a Dutch author who was born in Iran .
Kagawa Prefecture is an area on the island of Shikoku in Japan .
Kagen was a Japanese era after Kengen and before Tokuji .
Kagoshima borders Kumamoto prefecture and Miyazaki prefecture .
Kagoshima used to be called Satsuma and became Kagoshima in 1871 .
Kaiseraugst is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Kaiserstuhl is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Kaisten is a municipality of the district Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Kakadu National Park brought in an entry fee in April 2010 .
Kakadu National Park has some of the best examples of Aboriginal rock art in Australia .
Kakadu National Park is famous for the richness of its Aboriginal cultural sites .
Kakadu National Park is linked to Darwin by the Arnhem Highway and to Pine Creek and Katherine by the Kakadu Highway .
Kakadu National Park was made a park in three stages between 1979 and 1991 .
Kakadu is also said to be one of the most weed free national parks in the world .
Kakadu was set up at a time when Australians were becoming more interested in national parks for conservation and in recognizing the land rights of Aboriginal people .
Kake is a city in Alaska .
Kaktovik is a city in Alaska .
Kalamata became the first city which was liberated in the Greek War of Independence in 1821 .
Kalamata is a Greek city .
Kalamata is also known because of the big earthquake in 1986 .
Kalamata it is built at the foot of Taygetos mountain .
Kalamata was liberated on 21st March of 1821 .
Kalamazoo is a large city in the U.S. state of Michigan .
Kalevala has been translated into many languages .
Kalevala has many stories in it .
Kalevala is the Finnish national epic .
Kali is one of the goddesses in Hinduism .
Kali is the goddess of death and destruction .
Kaliber 44 is a rap band from Poland .
Kalki is the final avatar or incarnation of the Hindu god Vishnu .
Kallern is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Kalmthout is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Kalnciems is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1991 .
Kalona is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Kaltag has a week long Stick Dance Festival every two years that draws visitors from many other villages .
Kaltag is a town in Alaska .
Kaltag was down the river from the mines and grew as a point on the transportation route for the mines .
Kalua is a Hawaiian cooking method .
Kalua is most often used to cook pig .
Kalua pig is a popular food at luaus .
Kalua pig is still served at luaus .
Kamaboko has been made in Japan since the 14th century CE and has become commonly available in many other countries .
Kamaishi is a city that is located in the Iwate prefecture .
Kamakura has international sister cities .
Kamakura has many Buddhist temples .
Kamala Nehru Park is a park in India .
Kamehameha I made Oahu his capital when he became the first king of Hawaii .
Kamehameha I was the first king of Hawaii .
Kamiah is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Kampala is the capital of Uganda .
Kampenhout is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
Kamrar is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Kamsky will also play in the Candidates Tournament to determine the challenger for the World Chess Championship 2012 .
Kamsky won the Chess World Cup 2007 .
Kanal 5 is a Swedish television channel .
Kanal D is a popular Turkish television channel broadcasting national .
Kanata grew Rapidly .
Kanata is in the Ottawa Valley .
Kanata was divided into a number of communities .
Kanata was originally part of the Township of March .
Kanawha is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Kanchipuram is one of the seven most holy cities of Hindus .
Kanchipuram was an important religious and cultural place of Ancient India .
Kanda University of International Studies has six departments .
Kandava is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1917 .
Kane was selected to compete with Team USA in the 2010 Winter Olympic Games .
Kane won his first Intercontinental title against Triple H at Judgment Day .
Kanfen and all of the Thionville region was dependent of the Duchy of Luxembourg .
Kanfen is a village in France near Thionville .
Kangaroo Jack is an 2003 comedy movie that was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and was directed by David McNally .
Kangaroo rats are small rodents from North and Central America .
Kangaroo rats live in dry climates .
Kangaroos are marsupials because they carry their young in special pouch on their bodies .
Kangaroos can be dangerous in some situations .
Kangaroos use less energy if they travel faster .
Kanji characters are classed on the basis of how many brush strokes they are made of .
Kanji is often combined with hiragana to show the grammatical meaning of the word .
Kanji is one of the three forms of Japan writing .
Kanji takes many years to learn .
Kankakee is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Kannada has been adaptive to include many other languages .
Kannada has gone through changes several times during the years .
Kannada is a Dravidian language .
Kannur is a district in the Kerala state of India .
Kano is a city in Nigeria .
Kanotix uses KDE as the default desktop environment .
Kansas City Spurs is a soccer club which plays in United States .
Kansas City formed in 1868 .
Kansas City is the biggest city in the U.S. state of Missouri .
Kansas City is the name of two cities in the United States of America .
Kansas State has 14 varsity teams and they compete in the Big 12 as well as Conference USA .
Kansas can have extreme weather in all four seasons .
Kansas got a blizzard from the storm .
Kansas had 627 cities in 2008 .
Kansas increases in elevation from east to west .
Kansas is a rock band .
Kansas is a state in the Midwestern United States of America .
Kansas is in a temperate area of the country .
Kansas is one of six states on the Frontier Strip .
Kant thought that another way of saying the same idea is to say that we should treat other persons as persons and not as tools that can help us in some way .
Kant thought that this idea is the basis to treat other people in the right way .
Kapellen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Kapingamarangi is an atoll in the Pacific Ocean .
Kappel is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Kaprijke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
Karachi also has a number of large modern shopping malls .
Karachi has many large and small shopping areas including the Saddar area in downtown Karachi .
Karachi has the honor to host the first ever night hockey match between India and Pakistan in 1986 at Hockey Club of Pakistan Stadium but failed to gain the official status due to having no night hockey match recognition by World Hockey federation at that time .
Karachi is linked by railway to the rest of Pakistan .
Karak is a city in Pakistan .
Karakoram Pass is situated at a height of 18290 feet above sea level .
Karate became more known around the world because of Karate movies in the 1960s and 1970s .
Karditsa is a Greek city .
Karditsa is build on the large plain which is named Thessaly plain .
Karelia is area in eastern fennoscandia to the east from where Finnish people lives .
Karelians knew many old poems .
Karen did not like the glockenspiel and asked her band director if she could play the drums instead .
Karen had a great drum solo .
Karen lost about 25 pounds from the Stillman Diet .
Karen played the drums .
Karin Gayer began to write literature at school .
Karishma Kapoor acts in Hindi language movies .
Karl Marx was a famous communist philosopher from Germany .
Karl Popper had the opinion that only theories that are falsifiable are scientific .
Karl died suddenly in 1873 .
Karlstad has a University and a Cathedral .
Karma is basically energy .
Karma is not about punishment or reward .
Karma is the universal principle of cause and effect .
Karma that is done with an attitude of duty and without attachment to the results will not create any effect and will move one closer to God .
Karmapa is tibetan buddhist teacher or lama .
Karnak is the largest ancient religious site in the world .
Karnataka is a state within the Republic of India .
Karolina Bock was born as Karolina Richter .
Karolina Bock was married two times .
Karolina Bock was revarded with the medal Litteris et Artibus in 1857 .
Karolinska Institutet was started between 1810 and 1811 to teach army surgeons .
Karpenisi is built at an altitude of 960 meters .
Karpenisi is smaller town than Lamia .
Karpenisi is surrounded by a fir forest .
Karpenisi is the capital of Eyritania prefecture .
Karpinisi is a mountainous Greek city .
Karstula is a municipality in Central Finland .
Kart racing is generally accepted as the most economic form of motorsport available .
Karthikeyan finished on the lead lap in 13th place .
Karthikeyan finished sixth in the championship .
Karthikeyan left the new team .
Karthikeyan made his NASCAR debut at Martinsville Speedway on 27 March 2010 in the Kroger 250 Camping World Truck Series .
Karthikeyan received another Formula One test drive with the Minardi team .
Karthikeyan started 2001 in the Formula Nippon F3000 Championship .
Karthikeyan started in the 11th position .
Karthikeyan was unable to raise the sponsorship funds needed to complete the deal .
Karthikeyan went on to win the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series Most Popular Driver Award for the 2010 season .
Karting is commonly seen as the stepping stone to the higher and more expensive ranks of motorsports .
Karts do not have a differential .
Karts vary widely in speed .
Karun Chandhok got the drive with HRT .
Kasaan is a city in Alaska .
Kashima Antlers is a football club which plays in Japan .
Kashiwa Reysol is a football club which plays in Japan .
Kashmir Solidarity Day has been celebrated on 5 February each year since 1990 as a day of protest against Indian control of part of Kashmir .
Kashmir is also a Disputed Territory .
Kashmir is home to the finest saffron in the world .
Kashmore has always been a hub of trade for its agricultural produce .
Kaspar learned quickly .
Kaspar walked down the streets of Nuremburg and then fainted .
Kasparov became the youngest undisputed World Chess Champion in 1985 at the age of 22 .
Kasterlee is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Kastoria has an old neighborhood which is picturesque and it is named Doltso .
Kastoria is a Greek city and it is one of 51 prefectures of Greece in the region of Macedonia .
Kastoria it is built on the bank of lake Orestiada .
Katakana and hiragana are both syllabaries .
Katakana is the way that some of the words are written in Japanese .
Kataller Toyama is a football club which plays in Japan .
Katan is also a member of the Israel national football team .
Katana is a Japanese long sword used mainly by samurai warriors .
Katana was very important in Japanese society .
Kate is a text editor for the KDE desktop environment .
Katerini is a Greek city which is the capital of Pieria prefecture in the region of Macedonia .
Katerini is located in the periphery of Central Macedonia and it is near Thessaloniki .
Kathmandu is the capital city of Nepal .
Katona won the 1999 U.S. Goldman Environmental Prize because she protected her country and culture against uranium mining .
Kattegat is connected to the Baltic Sea through the Danish Straits and Belts .
Kauniainen was officially founded in 1920 .
Kavala is one of the biggest cities in Macedonia .
Kaveri is a river in south India .
Kaw City is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Kawasaki Frontale is a football club which plays in Japan .
Kay County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Kayaks are often called canoes in Great Britain and Ireland .
Kayastha is one of the social groups of India .
Kayseri is a city in the center of Turkey .
Kayseri used to be called Mazaka or Kaisareia .
Kazakhstan is a country in the middle of Eurasia .
Kazakhstan is the ninth biggest country in the world .
Kazakhstan national football team is the national football team of Kazakhstan .
Kazuyo Sejima is a Japanese architect .
Keating was Treasurer from 1983 to 1991 .
Keenan did not see him very much for the next 12 years .
Keenan joined the United States Army after he graduated from high school .
Keenan left and formed A Perfect Circle .
Keenan met Adam Jones in Los Angeles .
Keenan started playing soon after leaving art school .
Keep hands up so water does not go from arms to hands .
Keep kneading until the dough is smooth and shiny .
Keihan Shijo Station is beyond the Kamo River .
Kellner was the chief justice inspector in Laubach during WWII .
Kelly Stables did all of the new scenes for Samara .
Kennedy died after he was shot .
Keres memorial tournaments are held in Tallinn every two years .
Keres narrowly missed a chance at a World Chess Championship match on five occasions .
Kerouac began to travel with him .
Kerouac did not want to just tell an ordinary story .
Kerouac had to make his own way home .
Kerouac published a few short story and reviews in New York magazines and newspapers in the 1940s .
Kerouac stopped and restarted writing this book several times .
Kerouac was asked to describe his generation .
Kerouac was more disappointed than happy to be famous .
Kerouac wrote and reworked new material until the last day of his life .
Kevin Richardson left the group in 2006 .
Kevin grew up in a farm with his parents and two siblings .
Khmer is the official language .
Kichkovsky holds this position since his election in April 2006 .
Kicking is important because the leg is the most powerful and longest body part that the martial artist can use as a weapon .
Kill .
Kilmarnock is the largest town in East Ayrshire .
Kinetics is the science of motion .
King Alfred the Great was born here in the 9th century .
King Dritarashtra ruled the Kingdom of Hastinapura with the help of his brother Pandu .
King Frederick Augustus II of Saxony visited her shop in 1844 and purchased an ichthyosaur skeleton for his extensive natural history collection .
King Ludwig II of Bavaria gave a lot of money to Wagner to built the new opera house .
King Ludwig II of Bavaria was a great admirer of Richard Wagner and he gave a lot of money for the opera house to be built .
King Minos was horrified and asked Daedalus to build some kind of prison to keep the Minotaur from destroying Crete .
King Rama I used Sanam Luang to officiate ceremonies .
King and Main Streets are major roads that are almost parallel or side by side one another .
King had clearly made enemies in his rise to fame .
King made 25 solo albums .
King then moved on to a bill that would make sure that black Americans would be allowed to vote .
King was active from the start of the Montgomery Bus Boycott of 1955 to 1956 until his murder in April 1968 .
King was arrested for starting a boycott .
King was convinced that such methods would help the civil rights movement .
King was ranked the 50th best player in the world in 2006 .
Kingalso won the doubles title at Bangkok with partner Jelena Kostanic .
Kingkong dash 28 .
Kings and queens all over Europe have had dachshunds .
Kip gets married and Pedro becomes school president .
Kishan Chand Ochani
Kitt died on Christmas Day 2008 .
Kittens are sometimes born with defects .
Kittens play endlessly .
Klipstein grew up in Laubach and Belgium .
Knappertsbusch died in Munich in 1965 .
Knappertsbusch was a large man who was very popular with his audiences .
Kneeling in front of the Virgin Mary are two little angels .
Knives and belt buckles were carved from the bones and antlers .
Knopfler is best known as the founder of the British rock band Dire Straits which formed 1977 .
Koh Chin Nguang was the Headmaster before her and left the school at the end of 2008 .
Koivu was the first European to captain the Montreal Canadiens .
Kollywood is the popular term for the Tamil film industry
Kong precision 25 .
Konietzko changed the character into a picture of a child with a flying bison .
Korea had two kinds of clothing tradition .
Koshiro Matsumoto often appears on TV .
Kosovo declared its independence from Serbia in 2008 .
Krankl played 69 matches for the team and scored 34 goals .
Kratos dives in front of Lloyd to stop him from being hurt .
Kratos then tells Lloyd that there is a ninth Summon Spirit by the name of Origin .
Krone is the Danish word for crown .
Kubica filled in for Villeneuve .
Kubica was forced to retire from the race .
Kubica was leading the drivers championship after the Canadian Grand Prix .
Kuki does not lead a happy conjugal life though she has a love marriage with Aniket .
Kumar Ram Narain Karthikeyan is a racing driver .
Kurds form the majority .
Kyomai was created in the 17th century Tokugawa cultural period .
Kyushu is the island west of Honshu .
LGBT people were not ashamed of the pink triangle .
LTA leads the development of land transport in Singapore .
La Altagracia is the easternmost province of the Dominican Republic .
La Bazoge is a commune .
La Bigne is a commune .
La Boisse is a commune .
La Bosse is a commune .
La Bouillie is a commune .
La Bouteille is a commune .
La Brigue is a commune .
La Burbanche is a commune .
La Caine is a commune .
La Calotterie is a commune .
La Cambe is a commune .
La Capelle is a commune .
La Caridad is ranked the third largest copper mine in the world .
La Cauchie is a commune .
La Center is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
La Chavatte is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France .
La Couture is a commune .
La Croupte is a commune .
La Folie is a commune .
La Garnache is a commune .
La Gaude is a commune .
La Grange is a city of Oldham County in Kentucky in the United States .
La Graverie is a commune .
La Guierche is a commune .
La Harpe is a city of Illinois in the United States .
La Hoguette is a commune .
La Hulpe is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
La Liga is a football league which is top division in Spain .
La Loge is a commune .
La Malmaison is a commune .
La Marseillaise is the national anthem of France .
La Mayenne is a department the northwest of France .
La Mayenne is a river in the northwest of France .
La Milesse is a commune .
La Motte is a city of Iowa in the United States .
La Penne is a commune .
La Porte City is a city of Iowa in the United States .
La Quinte is a commune .
La Rochelle is a city in western France near the Bay of Biscay .
La Rocque is a commune .
La Romana is a province of the Dominican Republic .
La Roquille is a commune .
La Sauve is a commune .
La Silla Observatory is an observatory in Chile with eighteen telescopes that study the stars .
La Thieuloye is a commune .
La Turbie is a commune .
La Vacquerie is a commune .
La Verrie is a commune .
LaFayette is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
LaSalle is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Laakdal is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Laarne is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
Labalme is a commune .
Labarde is a commune .
Labescau is a commune .
Labials or labial consonants are consonants made with the lips .
Labiodental consonants are labial consonants made with the bottom lip and the top teeth .
Labor Day is a US federal holiday on the first Monday of September .
Labor union leaders asked him for higher wages and more benefites .
Labor was therefore the most important factor for production .
Laboratory equipment are tools and equipment used by scientists who work in a laboratory .
Laboratory equipment is generally used to either perform an experiment or to take measurements and gather data .
Laboratory flasks are containers made of glass which are usually used in scientific laboratories .
Laboratory techniques are the techniques of handling the various pieces of apparatus .
Laborschule Bielefeld does not group children by age .
Laborschule Bielefeld has students from grade 0 through grade 10 .
Labourse is a commune .
Labradoodles are now bred worldwide .
Labrador Retrievers do require regular amounts of daily exercise and are prone to obesity .
Labradorite is one kind of feldspar .
Labroye is a commune .
Labuan is an island which is also the Federal Territory in Malaysia .
Lacanau is a commune .
Lache 32 .
Lacon is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Lacona is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Laconia is one of 51 prefectures of Greece .
Lacres is a commune .
Lactic Acid is a carboxylic acid with a chemical formula of C3H6O3 .
Lactic acid is an acid that is very common in nature .
Lactose is a disaccharide that consists of galactose and glucose molecules .
Lactose is found in milk products .
Ladaux is a commune .
Ladders have two vertical supports that go along the whole length of the ladder .
Ladora is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Lados is a commune .
Lady Bird Johnson was 94 years old .
Lady Gaga has a contralto vocal range .
Lady Harriet Silvester visited Lyme in 1824 .
Lady Jane Grey was only queen of England for nine days .
Lady Macbeth enters and greets them .
Lady Macbeth enters and scolds him for being a coward and says that he is not brave enough to be a man .
Lady Macbeth enters in scene ii .
Lady Macbeth faints and they rush to help her .
Lady Macbeth was the play best adapted to her acting .
Laertes tells Hamlet about the plot and then dies .
Lafayette County is a county in the state of Florida .
Laffaux is a commune .
Laffy Taffy also comes with jokes written on the wrapper .
Laffy Taffy is a type of taffy that comes in many fruit flavors .
Lag is when a computer game is slower then normal .
Lager Borkum was located near the center of Alderney and was the smallest of the four camps .
Lager Borkum was used for German technicians and volunteers from different countries of Europe .
Lager Helgoland was filled with Russian Organisation Todt workers .
Lager Helgoland was situated in the northwest corner of Alderney .
Lagers are usually drunk while they are cold .
Lagnieu is a commune .
Lago di Palagnedra is found below the village .
Lagomorpha is a mammal order .
Lagos still acts as the commercial capital of Nigeria and a gateway to West Africa .
Lagunaria is a garden plant famous for its color .
Lahore Division was also an administrative division of Punjab Province of British India .
Lahti has been a city since 1905 .
Lahti is a city in Finland .
Laigny is a commune .
Laiharaoba means merrymaking of the gods .
Laires is a commune .
Lairoux is a commune .
Laiz is a commune .
Lake Alfred is a city of Florida in the United States .
Lake Baikal hosts over 1000 species of plants and 1550 species and varieties of animals .
Lake Baikal is a big lake in Siberia .
Lake Baikal is the biggest fresh water reservoir in the world .
Lake Buena Vista is a city of Florida in the United States .
Lake Butler is the county seat of Union County and is also the largest city in the county .
Lake Champlain is one of a large number of large lakes spread in an arc from Labrador through the northern United States and into the Northwest Territories of Canada .
Lake City is a city of Florida in the United States .
Lake City is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Lake District National Park is one of the fourteen National parks in the United Kingdom .
Lake Eire is one of the Great Lakes in North America .
Lake Eyre is in the driest desert region of central Australia .
Lake Forest is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Lake Garda is the largest lake in Italy .
Lake Helen is a city of Florida in the United States .
Lake Huron borders the Canadian province of Ontario and the American state of Michigan .
Lake Lucerne is a lake in central Switzerland .
Lake Manasarovar is the source of the Pakistani river Sindhu .
Lake Mary is a city of Florida in the United States .
Lake McDonald is the largest lake in Glacier National Park .
Lake Michigan is one of the five Great Lakes in North America .
Lake Michigan is the 5th largest lake in the world .
Lake Mills is a city of Winnebago County in the state of Iowa in the United States .
Lake Okeechobee is the largest lake in the U.S. state of Florida .
Lake Ontario is the smallest of the Great Lakes in North America .
Lake Park is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Lake Peipus is the fourth largest lake in Europe .
Lake Placid is a village in northern New York State .
Lake Powell has five active marinas .
Lake Powell is a reservoir on the Colorado River .
Lake Sevan is a lake located in Armenia .
Lake Superior is a lake in Canada and the United States .
Lake Tahoe is a fresh water lake in the Sierra Nevada .
Lake Tanganyika is large lake in central Africa .
Lake Titicaca is located between Peru and Bolivia .
Lake Torrens has been filled with water twice in the last 150 years .
Lake Torrens was discovered by Edward John Eyre in 1839 .
Lake Turkana National Parks are now listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
Lake Urmia has 102 islands .
Lake Urmia is getting smaller and smaller each year .
Lake Urmia lies between West Azarbaijan and East Azarbaijan provinces .
Lake View is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Lake Village is a city of Chicot County in the state of Arkansas in the United States .
Lake Vostok is an oligotrophic extreme environment .
Lake Vostok is the biggest of the seventy lakes in Antarctica that are under the ice .
Lake Wales is a city of Florida in the United States .
Lake Worth is a city of Florida in the United States .
Lake volume and dimensions are variable .
Lakeland is a city of Florida in the United States .
Lakeside Park is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Lakeside is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Lakeview Heights is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Lakeview is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Lakhadweep are group of islands in the Arabian Sea .
Lakki Marwat District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province of Pakistan .
Lakki Marwat is a city in Pakistan .
Lakota is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Laksa is a popular food in Malaysia .
Laksa is a popular spicy noodle soup from Peranakan culture .
Lakshmi is the goddess of money and good luck in Hinduism .
Lalleyriat is a commune .
Lamarque is a commune .
Lamballe is a commune .
Lambda calculus can be called the smallest universal programming language .
Lambda calculus can be used to define what a computable function is .
Lambda calculus is universal in the sense that any computable function can be expressed and evaluated using this formalism .
Lamborghini is a Italian car company that makes sporty and powerful cars .
Lambres is a commune .
Lambs Grove is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Lamed or Lamedh is the twelfth letter in the Hebrew alphabet .
Lamellibrachia is a genus of cold seep tube worms .
Lamia also serves the district of Karpenisi .
Lamia can be found to the east of Karpenisi .
Laminar flow is a flow that is smooth .
Laminar flow is when two layers of fluids flow over each other .
Lamnay is a commune .
Lamone is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Lamoni is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Lamont is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Lampedusa is the largest of the Pelagie Islands .
Lampreys belong to the family Petromyzonidae .
Lamps usually work with electricity .
Lanaken is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg .
Lanark is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Lancashire also has a lot of pleasant countryside such as White Coppice and the Rivington Moors .
Lancashire is a county in the North West of England .
Lancaster Castle is well known as the site of the Pendle witch trials in 1612 .
Lancaster has an area of 18.1 square miles .
Lancaster is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Lancelets are usually found buried in sand in shallow parts of temperate or tropical seas .
Lancelets serve as an intriguing comparison point for tracing how vertebrates have evolved and adapted .
Lanchy is a commune .
Lancia is an Italian automobile manufacturer .
Lancrans is a commune .
Land in North American was connected .
Landen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
Landeronde is a commune .
Landerrouat is a commune .
Landes is a department found in the southwest of France in the Aquitaine region .
Landevieille is a commune .
Landfall is when a tropical cyclone or waterspout moves from being over water to being over land .
Landforms that are related to flowing water .
Landing 2 .
Landiras is a commune .
Landis served from 1920 to 1944 .
Lando Calrissian is a major character in the Star Wars universe .
Landsberg Prison is a prison located in the town of Landsberg am Lech in the southwest of the German state of Bavaria .
Lanesboro is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Laney Amplification is a company from Great Britain that makes guitar and bass guitar amplifiers .
Laney is popular for its good quality amplifiers for low prices .
Langdon Place is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Langendorf is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Langkawi is an island in the Malaysian state of Kedah .
Langlade County is a county located in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
Langoiran is a commune .
Langrickenbach is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Langston University was created because of the second Morrill Act in 1890 .
Langston is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Langston started the Howard University Law School .
Langston was invited to play an exhibition game against the Globetrotters in Oklahoma City .
Language Teaching Institute was established in KUIS at one time .
Language attrition is where someone forgets all or part of a language .
Language death is where a language or lect stops being used as a main language .
Language is the normal way humans communicate .
Language maps Bangladesh Bangladesh
Language may be done by speech or by writing or by moving the hands to make signs .
Language planning is the attempt to influence how a language is used .
Language reform is a type of language planning .
Language reforms make big changes to a language .
Language transfer is where a person uses their knowledge of one language when they learn another one .
Langueux is a commune .
Laniscourt is a commune .
Lannion is a commune .
Lansing is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Lansing is the capital city of the U.S. state of Michigan .
Lantana camara shrub verbena or Spanish flag is hairy shrub native from tropical America .
Lantenay is a commune .
Lanterns that give dim light are generally used as decoration .
Lanthanoids are metals .
Lanthanum is a chemical element .
Lantheuil is a commune .
Lantosque is a commune .
Lanzarote has one international airport .
Lanzarote is one of the Canary Islands .
Lanzarote is one of the two islands in the east of the Canary Islands .
Laon is a commune .
Laos had a long history before becoming a French colony .
Laos national football team is the national football team of Laos .
Lapeyrouse is a commune .
Lapis Lazuli has been used for many things .
Lapis lazuli is a metamorphic rock .
Lapis lazuli is a metamorphic rock made from several minerals .
Lapland is area in the far north of Europe .
Lapouyade is a commune .
Lappion is a commune .
Lapugnoy is a commune .
Lapwai is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Laramie is a city in the U.S. state of Wyoming .
Larch wood is very valuable because it is resistant and it grows quickly .
Larches are also used in herbal medicine and in bonsai .
Larches are conifers in the genus Larix .
Larchwood is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Larderello is famous for its geothermal productivity .
Laredo was founded by Don Tomas Sanchez under the name of Villa de San Agustin de Laredo in 1755 in a colony called Nuevo Santander in New Spain .
Large dairy herds are usually kept in places where there is a good supply of grass and the fields are quite small .
Large dinners are usually held on Easter afternoon as well .
Large mammals on land have been hunted to extinction in many parts of the world .
Large numbers of them have always been attracted to military service .
Large populations of certain sawfly species can cause substantial economic damage to forests and cultivated plants .
Large saltwater crocodiles are also common at Yellow Water and the East Alligator River .
Larger cantatas with this theme are known as oratorios .
Larger field guns needed up to 12 men to operate them .
Largo is a city of Florida in the United States .
Larissa is crossed by Pineios river .
Larissa is found in the north of the Thessaly plain near at the foot of the mountain Olympus .
Larix decidua or Larix europaea European Larch .
Larix gmelinii Dahurian Larch .
Larix griffithii or Larix griffithiana Himalayan Larch .
Larix himalaica Langtang Larch .
Larix kaempferi or Larix leptolepis Japanese Larch .
Larix laricina Tamarack Larch or American Larch .
Larix lyallii Subalpine Larch .
Larix occidentalis Western Larch .
Larix potaminii Chinese Larch .
Larix sibirica Siberian Larch .
Larix speciosa Yunnan Larch .
Larkana Taluka is administratively subdivided into 18 Union Councils .
Larks are passerine birds of the family Alaudidae .
Larrabee is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Larry King had a heart attack in 1987 and wrote two books about life with a heart disease .
Larry King has been married several times .
Larry King has won several awards .
Larry gave the lawnchair from the flight to a boy named Jerry because the boy liked him .
Lars Ulrich stars as himself in the 2010 film Get Him to the Greek starring Russell Brand .
Lars is a male name .
Larsen Bay is a city in Alaska .
Laruscade is a commune .
Larynx transplant is not done very often .
Las Condes is a commune and city in the oriental sector of Santiago de Chile .
Las Cruces is the second largest city in the American state of New Mexico .
Las Meninas shows a large room in the Madrid palace of King Philip IV of Spain .
Las Tunas is one of the provinces of Cuba .
Las Vegas has springs so people used to stop there for water when they were going to Los Angeles or other places in California .
Las Vegas is a city in the American state of Nevada .
Las Vegas is also the county seat of Clark County in Nevada .
Las Vegas officially became a city in 1911 .
Lasbela is a coastal district of Balochistan province of Pakistan .
Lascaux is the name given to a number of caves in southwestern France famous for their cave paintings .
Lascaux was added to the UNESCO World Heritage Sites list in 1979 .
Lasers are also used a lot in science fiction writing and films .
Lasers are made when light is reflected off of mirrors and made brighter when passing through an optical gain medium .
Lasers are used in computers and to scan barcodes and play CDs .
Lasky ran the production side .
Lasne is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
Lasse Lindh is a Swedish indie pop musician born in 1974 .
Last .
Last of all would be any children William III might have had from any marriage after that .
Last of the Summer Wine is a British sitcom that has run longer than any other comedy show in the world .
Late frosts can damage the flowers .
Late in life he suffered from depression and madness .
Later Kuki came to know that Safiques is trapped by a military junta .
Later Naples became part of Spain when Aragon and the other kingdom in Spain called Castile became one country .
Later Santiago de los Caballeros was moved again near the river but not in the original place .
Later a Beatles assistant said the traffic jams should have also been filmed .
Later comic strips from the 1950s onwards show superheros such as Superman and The Phantom .
Later editions were published around 1825 .
Later he attended Harvard summer school and gained an Master of Arts from Livingstone College and a doctorate degree from Wilberforce University .
Later he became a part of the Heathen Front and wrote several writings on Germanic neopaganism .
Later he expanded his lit to 23 problems .
Later he had conducting jobs in Barmen and Breslau .
Later he realized that the nuclear bomb really was going to be made .
Later he studied at University College London .
Later he was convicted of stealing and spent time in jail .
Later he was visited by a man who never showed his face .
Later he went to the United States to pursue his acting career in movies .
Later he worked hard to improve music education in Canada .
Later his interest expanded into the newly burgeoning cinema and he made films in Germany and Italy with sporadic success .
Later in the day General Burbridge ordered one of his regiments to charge across the bridge on horseback to relieve the pressure on the trapped men .
Later in the night Orton defeated Triple H in a Last Man Standing match to become a 2 time WWE Champion in 1 night .
Later invasions in the 4th and 5th centuries would eventually end the Western Roman Empire .
Later it became Kaufen .
Later it became known as national circus of Argentina .
Later it becomes a canon at the third .
Later it came under the control of British India .
Later it was popular in French and English courts in the 17th and 18th centuries .
Later kings continued to develop and compose dances .
Later on even some of his own guard were against him .
Later pharaohs attempted to claim some of her projects as theirs .
Later scientists found many others .
Later several gun shots were fired by both sides .
Later she also studied in Germany and Italy .
Later she left him .
Later the British would become involved in the politics of Bahrain by choosing an Emir of the island .
Later the Calvinist or Presbyterian Church started .
Later the Romans conquered the southern Italy and took Naples .
Later the Romans made it one of the main Roman roads in Britain .
Later the land around the lake was ruled by Armenians .
Later the naginata was even given as present to the bride .
Later the name was changed and called a bagel .
Later the team was officially named Scuderia Ferrari Marlboro .
Later there also grew an American vaudeville tradition .
Later there are some other Sailor Senshi .
Later they developed these mounds into step pyramids .
Later they left Apple Records and recorded for Warner Bros. .
Later they were kept because they are friendly and good companions .
Later this became a part of CDU .
Latex is found in the sap of the Para rubber tree .
Latex is used to make rubber .
Latilly is a commune .
Latimer County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Latimer is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Latin America is a region of the Americas .
Latin script .
Latin was spoken only by the priests .
Latina is a city in the region of Lazio .
Latonia Lakes is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Latresne is a commune .
Latvia finally became independent in 1918 .
Latvia is a country in northern Europe .
Latvia national football team is the national football team of Latvia .
Latvia was settled by the Baltic tribes thousands of years ago .
Latvian lats are the currency used in Latvia .
Latvians lost control of their homeland .
Lauderdale Lakes is a city of Florida in the United States .
Lauderhill is a city of Florida in the United States .
Laufenburg is a municipality of the Swiss canton of Aargau .
Launch pads are often made out of steel reinforced concrete .
Launch pads for larger spacecraft will often have towers to support it during its launch .
Laupersdorf is a municipality in the district Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Laura and George met and married in 1977 .
Laurasia was a supercontinent .
Laurel Hill is a city of Florida in the United States .
Laurel is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Lauren MacMullan is an animation director .
Laurens is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Laurie Cunningham is a former football player .
Lausanne is a city in Switzerland .
Lauscha is a German city in Thuringia .
Lava Hot Springs is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Lava Records is an American record label that is owned by Warner Music Group .
Lavaca is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Laval is a commune and the prefecture of the French department of Mayenne .
Laval is a medieval city and was first mentionned during the 11th century .
Lavaqueresse is a commune .
Lavardin is a commune .
Lavazan is a commune .
Lavenay is a commune .
Lavender also is very helpful when applied to insect bites .
Lavender flowers are also used to make tea .
Lavender is a light tone of violet .
Lavender is a type of plant found on almost all continents .
Lavenders are very popular among gardeners .
Lavenham has a church called St Peter and St Paul .
Laventie is a commune .
Lavernat is a commune .
Laversine is a commune .
Lavertezzo is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Lavizzara is a municipality of the district Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Lavours is a commune .
Law enforcement can also be the work of soldiers in emergencies .
Law enforcement is another way of talking about the work of police officers .
Lawler is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Lawrence M. Higby is an American businessman and political activist .
Lawrence is a city in the state of Kansas in the United States .
Lawrenceburg is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Lawrenceville is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Lawrencium is a chemical element .
Lawrencium is made from californium .
Laws of Form was listed in the Whole Earth Catalog in 1969 and quickly became a cult classic .
Lawtey is a city of Florida in the United States .
Lawton is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Lawyers are people who have learned about laws .
Lawyers give people advice about their legal rights and duties and represent people in court .
Lawyers work in different settings .
Layer .
Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs is a 1970 album by Derek and the Dominos .
Layla is a song by Derek and the Dominos .
Layton is a city of Florida in the United States .
Layyah District has an extremely hot climate .
Layyah gets its name from the wild short shrub commonly known as Layyan .
Layyah is a city in the Punjab province of Pakistan and is the capital of Layyah District .
Layyah is located between the rivers Indus and Chenab in central Pakistan .
Laziness is the act of being prone to barely any or even no work .
Lazio or Latium is a region in the center of Italy .
Lazy vault 29 .
LazyTown is a television program aimed at young children from Iceland .
Lead compounds are chemical compounds that have lead ions in them .
Lead singer Page left the band in 2009 to begin a solo career .
Leaders of China after Mao had to make a new rule called one child policy .
Leading health officials called for a review of the barcode advertising .
Leavening agents produce gas that becomes trapped in the dough .
Leaves are arranged as a spiral and may grow 2.7 m long and 60 c wide .
Leaves of the raspberry are used fresh or dried in herbal teas .
Leaves that are going to be made into tencha have to come from certain parts of the tree .
Lebanese Jews became targets to Islamic militant groups since 1984 .
Lecter was again played by Hopkins in the 2001 movie .
Lector was hiding in Italy .
Lee Strasberg delivered the eulogy .
Lee would never try to invade the Union again .
Leeds was not a nice town in those days .
Legal drugs such as tobbaco and alcohol are also found to be addictive .
Legend said Robin Hood lived near here .
Legend says he was killed there by a violent man who cut off his head .
Legumes are the plants of the family Fabaceae in the order Fabales .
Legwand has also played in the OHL for the Plymouth Whalers for two seasons .
Lenihan still managed to win the first count .
Lenihan was popular and widely seen as humorous and intelligent .
Leo Fender developed a bass guitar in the 1950s using the ideas developed by Tutmarc .
Leo Fender used many parts for the bass guitar that are similar to the parts of an electric guitar .
Lepers were usually not welcome in the city .
Leschot invented a device that made possible mechanical production of some watch parts .
Less documented deeds of his include saving children from drowning .
Less than 1000 people live there .
Less than a year later he was found dead in prison .
Less than half of the people can read and write .
Let 0 and 1 be the two basic primitive values of Boolean algebra .
Let A and B be any two expressions of the primary algebra .
Let AB denote a binary operation of Boolean algebra .
Lets hope it is worth the wait .
Lewicki and another Leaf player John McCormack were both demoted following marriages .
Lewicki decided to join the Marlboros .
Lewicki had 16 goals and 31 assists before a groin injury ended his season early .
Lewicki played for a few seasons in the American Hockey League before retiring in 1963 .
Lewicki received a telegram from NHL President Clarence Campbell advising him that he was suspended .
Lewicki scored 42 points in the 17 playoff games .
Lewicki was one of eight children in the family of Michael and Anastasia Lewicki .
Lewicki would end up third in voting for the Calder .
Lewicki would hide his hockey equipment outside under the backyard stairs .
Lewicki would return to the Columbus Juniors the following season .
Lewis is thought to be one of the greatest athletes of all time .
Lewis was drafted out of the Harvard University by the Minnesota Vikings with the 173rd pick in the sixth round of the 1998 NFL Draft .
Lewis was drafted out of the University of Miami by the Baltimore Ravens with the 26th pick in the first round of the 1996 NFL Draft .
Liam Cosgrave resigned as party leader and FitzGerald was chosen to succeed him .
Liberation means freedom and right to rule themselves .
Liberty Square is based on colonial America around the time of the American Revolution .
Liberty Walk
Lichenometry is based on the assumption that the largest lichen growing on a rock is the oldest individual .
Liebenwerda had a Water castle with a Keep called Lubwarttower .
Liebenwerda was part of the Electorate of Saxony and Kingdom of Saxony till 1815 .
Lifts will be provided throughout .
Light from only one part of a scene will pass through the hole and strike a specific part of the back wall .
Light is easy and heavy is hard .
Lightman begins a series of events that could start World War III .
Lights and sounds are used to add to the effect .
Lightweight fiberglass body panels are fitted after the metal body parts front and rear are removed .
Like Halo 1 and 2 the game has its own especially recorded classical soundtrack .
Like Jonathan Duhamel did last month by winning the World series of poker tournament .
Like Robinson he had made liberal policy reforms .
Like all of the German monarchies the duchy became part of the Weimar Republic after World War I.
Like his father he is also a drummer and has played with groups like The Who and Oasis .
Like many others placements of the department .
Like the aggry beads of West Africa these beads are not of local manufacture nor of recent introduction .
Like the rondeau and the virelai it was very popular in 14th and 15th century France .
Likewise Judaism believes that no one needs a special counteragent against it .
Limits are used to see what happens very close to things .
Limits can also be used to see what happens when things get very big .
Limits were placed on how much coal and steel could be produced .
Line 5 is currently 16.6 km .
Lippi was working on frescoing the Convent of the Carmine .
Liquid metal iron is left behind .
Liquid water is believed to be necessary for all forms of life .
Liquids and gases are both special types of fluids .
Lisbon in Portugal is a twin town of Maputo .
Listening stations offers students CDs that they can listen to improve their listening .
Lists of episodes of television series .
Liszt thought he was the greatest organist in the world .
Literature is the written work of people .
Lithium is the classic mood stabilizer to prevent further manic and depressive episodes .
Little did he know that she would cause his capture at the hands of the Philistines .
Little else is known about it .
Little else is known regarding their feeding habits .
Little is known about the current organization or hierarchy of the group .
Littlewood took care of Austen for about a year .
Living sand dollars have small spines covering its entire body .
Lloyd George would serve as an MP until 1945 .
Lloyd and Kratos need to work together to save the world from being destroyed by the Giant Kharlan Tree .
Lloyd and the others manage to escape .
Lloyd did these dangerous stunts himself even though a film accident had caused the loss of his right thumb and index finger .
Lloyd has to fight Kratos to get its help because Origin was sealed by Kratos himself .
Lloyd learns that Kratos is his father .
Lloyd learns that she is in charge of saving the world .
LoF argues that doing elementary logic with the primary algebra is easier .
Load a value into register 8 .
Loading the ballista with a light missile e.g. darts with iron points .
Local Kurdish tribes were armed to attack the defenseless Armenian population .
Local rain filled Lake Eyre to 3.5 m in 1984 and 1989 .
Local spices constitute a major part of Mauritian cuisine .
Locality of reference is one of the reasons why caches work well in many areas of computing .
Located in the northern part of the Tuscany region .
Located on the island is the territorial capital and port of Charlotte Amalie .
Locomotives arranged by the railway company that originally built or ordered them .
Locomotives built by English Electric or its subcontractors .
Logan tried to get Monroe an Academy Award nomination and said good things about her professionalism until the end of his life .
Loge says he has been all over the world looking for something .
Loge tells Wotan he was wise to give up the ring .
Loge tells them that they should steal it from Alberich .
Logic is the science that looks at how to build an argument .
London .
Long ago almost all land was in one place .
Longinus is the name given in medieval and modern Christian traditions to the Roman soldier who pierced Jesus in his side with a lance while he was on the Cross .
Lord Byron is also an example .
Lord Voldemort has come back .
Lordship is the basic social institution as Tacitus described them in his book Germania .
Los Angeles City and Los Angeles County Lifeguards are responsible for the beach and ocean safety in and around the Cabrillo Beach area .
Lots of different helped the military campaigns for all sorts of reasons .
Lots of extensions to the system are currently under construction or have been proposed .
Lots of men injured in the trenches had parts of their bodies amputated .
Lots of people and magazines have called their albums some of the best ever made .
Lots of people who join gangs are young people .
Lots of sediments sank to its bottom .
Lots of them are also able to operate .
Lots of them are used in industrial processes .
Lotus Racing was given the 13th and final slot in the Season .
Louis Eagles .
Louis XIII was the first king to send prisoners there .
Louis based his classification on twenty differences from Australopithecus .
Louisiana is a state in the United States .
Love notes can be given to one another .
Lovers in the Street and Moulin de la Galette are examples of his work in Paris .
Low mountains and hills there are in the north part of island .
Lowe also presents shows on the music television station MTV2 .
Lowry was himself an alcoholic and a lot of his writings were about the effect alcohol had on his life and on the lives of his characters .
Luckily the Grand Duchess Vittoria della Rovere stopped this from happening .
Lucy says yes and joins the guild .
Ludwig Wittgenstein was probably the first academic philosopher to address the definition of the word game .
Luigi reads it to Mario .
Luke was raised by his Uncle Owen and Aunt Beru on Tatooine after his father turned to the Dark Side .
Luna and Artemis are not ordinary cats .
Luther called them The Disputation of Doctor Martin Luther on the Power and Efficacy of Indulgences .
Luther died in 1546 .
Luther helped nine nuns escape one convent .
Luther knew that what a child learned at home would greatly influence his life .
Luther studied philosophy at the University of Erfurt .
Luther studied theology and ancient languages in Erfurt .
Luther translated the Bible so that more people could read and understand it .
Luxor is some 500 km south of Cairo .
Lyell was a geologist .
Lynch is also a television actress .
Lyrics sometimes have to do with their emotions or their opinion of society .
MALIK PURA is the one of most populated union council of abbottabad city and an old settled area of munciple committee .
MB officers receive extensive training and are expected to survive in all environmental conditions .
MLB has honored Robinson many times since his death .
MOVIES NO. 1
MRI are very useful for finding blood clots .
MSUD is much more common in children of Amish and Mennonite descent .
MVP voting takes place before the postseason .
Maarkedal is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
Maaseik is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg .
Maasmechelen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg .
Maastricht also had city walls .
Maastricht has an airport and a university .
Maastricht is divided into many areas .
Maastricht was liberated on 14 September 1944 .
Mab is a closer moon to Uranus .
Mab is heavily perturbed .
Mac OS was first made by Apple Inc. in 1984 .
MacBooks are currently available housed in white plastic .
MacMullan was a sequence director on The Simpsons Movie .
Macau is a small city in the southern coast in China .
Macau national football team is the national football team of Macau .
Macbeth and Banquo fought bravely until they were defeated .
Macbeth comes in and she tells him of her plans .
Macbeth greets them .
Macbeth is a play by William Shakespeare .
Macbeth is not afraid and asks them what they are .
Macbeth realizes that he will have to get past both Duncan and Malcolm to become king .
Macbeth talks to Lady Macbeth in scene ii .
Maccabi Haifa Football Club was established in 1913 in the port city of Haifa .
Maccabi Haifa is well known for its green uniforms .
Macclenny is a city of Florida in the United States .
Macduff also has a golf course known as Royal Tarlair .
Macduff comes in and says that Macbeth is going to become king .
Macduff is shocked to see the king murdered on his bed .
Macedonia is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Macedonia is a historical and geographical region in northern Greece .
Macedonia national football team is the national football team of Macedonia .
Macedonian is similar to those languages .
Machair was a Scottish Gaelic television soap opera produced by Scottish Television Enterprises between August 1992 and September 1998 .
Machelen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
Machine Shop Marketing is a record label created by Linkin Park member Mike Shinoda .
Machine code is sometimes called native code .
Machine code is what assemble code .
Machine code or machine language is the name for commands .
Machu Picchu is believed to date to the time of Pachacuti .
Machu Picchu was declared a Peruvian Historical Sanctuary in 1981 and a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1983 .
Mackay is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Mackerel is a common name given to a number of species of fish .
Mackinac Island is an island in Lake Huron .
Macksburg is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Mackville is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Macogny is a commune .
Macomb is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Macon is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Macquarie resigned at the end of 1821 because of poor health and the difficulty of the job .
Macquarie tried to create a settlement for Aboriginal people by teaching them farming and building techniques .
Macquarie tried to send Aboriginal children to school but many left or returned to their tribes after a short time .
Macquarie was promoted a number of times which helped him pay off his debts .
Macquigny is a commune .
Macro photography is a kind of photography .
Macroeconomics also looks at exchange rates .
Macroevolutionary studies focus on change that occurs at or above the level of species .
Macropodiformes is one of the three suborders of the large marsupial order Diprotodontia .
Macropus is a marsupial genus that belongs to the family Macropodidae .
Mad Max is a 1979 film .
Mad Max tells a story about life in an apocalyptic world .
Madagascar also makes money from tourism .
Madagascar is home to many species that were not known about until around 1679 when Dutch explorers went there .
Madagascar national football team is the national football team of Madagascar .
Madagascar sells more vanilla than any other country in the world .
Madagascar would later break off of the Indian subcontinent .
Madawaska is a town located on the border of Maine and Canada .
Madden will guide you on advice and other things to help you understand how to raise your Madden IQ .
Made In Heaven would be the final studio album performed by all four original band members .
Madeira Beach is a city of Florida in the United States .
Madeline Kahn was an American actress .
Madeline attends a convent school in the heart of France with eleven other students .
Madeline has many Internet pages including an official website and fan club .
Madeline is not afraid of anything .
Madeline is the smallest and youngest girl at her school .
Madhya Pradesh is a state within the Republic of India .
Madill is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Madirac is a commune .
Madison helped to get people to approve the Constitution .
Madison helped write the first laws for the United States .
Madison is a city in Limestone and Madison counties in the U.S. state of Alabama .
Madison is a city of Florida in the United States .
Madison is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Madison is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Madison is also home to the University of Wisconsin .
Madison is one of the fastest growing communities in Alabama .
Madison is served by a good public school system and by numerous private schools .
Madison learned many things from Thomas Jefferson .
Madison retired to Virginia after his second term .
Madison started his career in the Virginia state legislature .
Madison wanted a strong federal government .
Madison was elected to the United States House of Representatives .
Madison was selected by Jefferson to be his Secretary of State .
Madisonville is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Madona is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1926 .
Madonna now lives in the United Kingdom .
Madonna released a new album named Hard Candy in April 2008 .
Madrid had now become the capital of a very large empire .
Madrid has some lovely parks .
Madrid is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Madrid is the financial center of Spain .
Madrid suffered a lot in this war .
Madrid was ruled by the Romans from the 2nd century .
Madurai always considered to be a good pilgrim center .
Mafeking was outside the Bechuanaland Protectorate .
Mafic minerals are usually dark in color and have a specific gravity greater than 3 .
Magadino is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Magazine is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Magazines are a type of periodical .
Magazines are not like regular books .
Magazines are printed on paper .
Magazines began to request articles and essays from him .
Magazines may be made out of metal or plastic .
Magden is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Maggia is a municipality of the district Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Magic Kingdom is divided into six areas .
Magical Mystery Tour is a 1967 television movie made by The Beatles .
Magician Doug Henning also became a follower of Transcendental Meditation .
Magliaso is a municipality in the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Magna Carta contains 63 clauses written in Latin on parchment .
Magnesium oxide is also used to treat heartburn and upset stomachs .
Magnesium oxide is used by libraries to make books last longer .
Magnetic fields are usually shown by magnetic flux lines .
Magnetic fields give power to other particles that come in contact with the magnetic field .
Magnetic objects inside this unseen field are attracted to the magnet .
Magnetic resonance uses nuclear magnetic resonance to generate these images .
Magnetic tape a long and narrow strip of plastic that thin magnetic material is coated on .
Magnetic tape has been used for data storage for over 50 years .
Magnetic tape recording uses magnetic tape which moves on a recording head .
Magnetic tape was first invented for recording sound by Fritz Pfleumer in 1928 in Germany .
Magnetic things outside the magnetic field are not attracted to the magnet .
Magnets are only attracted to special metals .
Magnets can also repel other magnets .
Magnets can make some other metals into magnets when they are rubbed together .
Magnets have many uses .
Magnieu is a commune .
Magnolia is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Magnolia is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Magnoliales is an order of flowering plants .
Magnoliopsida or dicotyledons is the name of a class of plants in taxonomy .
Mahabad has also an university .
Maharashtra has many forts like Raigad and Pratapgad which were very important in the early history of the Maratha empire and also sea forts like the one at Sindhudurg .
Maharashtra has more business than any other one state of India .
Maharashtra is in the west part of India on the coast of the Arabian Sea .
Maharashtra is the name of a state of India and its language is Marathi .
Maharbal is most famous for what he said to Hannibal after the Battle of Cannae .
Mahayana is a sect of Buddhism .
Mahjong is a game for four players that was created in China .
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has a Master of Science in Civil engineering from the Iran University of Science and Techology .
Maia is the goddess of the fields in Greek mythology .
Maiasaura lived about 80 to 65 million years ago in the late Cretaceous period .
Maid Marian was the female companion of the outlaw Robin Hood .
Maiden voyage is the name given to the first trip a ship makes after it has been launched .
Maidenhead is a town in England in Berkshire .
Maihama Station is a train station run by JR East .
Mail is part of the postal system .
Mailboxes are available in all the villages of Santorini .
Maillat is a commune .
Maillezais is a commune .
Maimonides was a doctor by profession .
Maimonides was one of the most important Jewish philosophers of the Middle Ages .
Main industries are agriculture and tourism .
Mainbernheim is a small German town .
Maine Road had first been known as Dog Kennel Lane .
Maine Road was torn down in 2004 .
Maine is mostly safe from hurricanes and tropical storms .
Mainstream music refers to music that is familiar to and popular with the majority of people in their culture .
Maintenay is a commune .
Mainz is a German city .
Mairengo is a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Maisnil is a commune .
Maisoncelle is a commune .
Maisoncelles is a commune .
Maissemy is a commune .
Maitland is 200 km north of Sydney and 30 km northwest of Newcastle .
Maitland is a city of Florida in the United States .
Maizet is a commune .
Maizy is a commune .
Major County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Major League Baseball is the company in the United States and Canada that is in charge of professional baseball .
Major League Soccer is an American soccer league that started in 1996 .
Majority means the greater number of something .
Majority rule is a way of making decisions in government or in voting .
Majority rule is not the same as a plurality vote .
Majuro is the capital city of the country of the Marshall Islands .
Make It Or Break It is an ABC Family drama .
Make Poverty History is a British and Irish campaign that wants to stop people from being poor and to help richer people learn about the poor people of the World .
Makeup and costumes gave their characters their look .
Making the film had proved to be a hard experience for the actors .
Making use of dyes he was able to find a structure which he named chromatin .
Malabo is the capital city of Equatorial Guinea .
Malacology is the study of mollusks .
Malacostraca have heads with six segments .
Malad City is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Malafrena is a book that was written in 1979 by Ursula K. Le Guin .
Malafretaz is a commune .
Malakand Pass is a mountain pass in Pakistan .
Malam Jabba is home to the largest ski resort in Pakistan .
Malan Island is a mud volcano that is found in the Arabian Sea .
Malaria is an infectious disease .
Malawi national football team is the national football team of Malawi .
Malay is normally written with the Latin alphabet called Rumi .
Malayalam is a language .
Malayalam is the only Indian Language which is a palindrome .
Malaysia breaks their Commonwealth Games record as the most successful in 2010 .
Malaysia grows the most carambola in the world .
Malaysia is a country in Southeast Asia .
Malaysia national football team is the national football team of Malaysia .
Malcolm III died in 1093 in a fight against the English with his son Edward .
Malcolm III of Scotland was born in 1031 .
Malcolm Rifkind first became a Conservative MP at the February 1974 General Election for the constituency of Edinburgh Pentlands .
Malcolm and Donalbain think that somebody is lying .
Malcom is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Maldegem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
Malden Island is an island in the Pacific Ocean .
Malden is located at .
Maldives national football team is the national football team of Maldives .
Maldonado also brings sponsorship from the Venezuelan government to Williams .
Maldonado drove for the Rapax Team in the 2010 season .
Maldonado had five pole positions .
Maldonado has strong feelings about politics and talks about them openly .
Maldonado signed a contract to drive in GP2 for Trident Racing in 2007 .
Maldonado signed to drive for the ART Grand Prix team for the 2009 season .
Maldonado started formula racing in Italy in 2003 .
Male Garden dormice may eat a rival dormouse during the mating season .
Male cattle are castrated to improve muscling and docility for use as oxen .
Male devils can weigh 12 kg and be 30 cm tall .
Male is one of the two sexes .
Male rats often have a stronger bond with their owner than female rats .
Maleficium is a term from Latin .
Malena Ernman is a member of The Royal Swedish Academy of Music .
Males also have a black face and lots of long white fur on their neck and chest which can grow down to their knees .
Males are a lighter tan color with the same white underbelly and pattern on the legs .
Males are a little smaller than hermaphrodites .
Males have fewer white spots than females .
Males only appear in any number at the close of the season .
Males usually live alone .
Malevich thought a shift in attitude of the Soviet authorities towards the modernist art movement would take place after the death of Lenin .
Malfoy bursts where Harry and Dumbledore are .
Mali also receives a lot of financial help from other countries .
Mali is a country in the west of Africa .
Mali is one of the poorest countries in the world .
Mali national football team is the national football team of Mali .
Malibu is a city in the southwestern part of California not far from Los Angeles .
Malibu was incorporated as a city around 1991 .
Malinese people are from the racial groups below .
Malky Mackay is the manager of Watford football club .
Mallaig is a small town in Scotland .
Mallard is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Malle is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Malmeneich lies in the Westerwald .
Malnutrition is when a person does not get the nutrition they have to have to survive .
Malone has an area of 0.5 square miles .
Maloy is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Malt is cereal grain that is sprouted and then dried by hot air .
Malta became well known as the base of the Knights of St John .
Malta is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Malta is an island country in Europe .
Malta is one of the most densely populated countries in the world .
Malta joined the European Union on 1 May 2004 and joined the Eurozone on 1 January 2008 .
Malta national football team is the national football team of Malta .
Malthus was an economist who lived during the industrial revolution .
Malthus wrote during the time of the Manchester School of thought .
Malthusianism is a set of ideas developed by Reverend Thomas Robert Malthus .
Maltot is a commune .
Malvaceae is a family of flowering plants .
Malvaglia is a municipality of the district Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Malvales is the name of an order of flowering plants .
Malvern is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Malvern is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Malyalam language has 52 phonemes .
Malzy is a commune .
Mamers is a commune .
Mamie continued to live on the farm .
Mamluks are members of a military caste that controlled Egypt from 1254 to 1811 .
Mammalogy is the study of the mammals .
Mammals are a group of vertebrate animals which form the class Mammalia .
Mammals in their infancy usually make more lactase than adults as they need it for digesting the lactose found in milk .
Mammary glands are the part of the female body designed for the making milk for baby mammals to drink .
Mammary intercourse is sometimes combined with oral sex .
Mammern is a municipality of the district of Steckborn in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Mammoths were hairy elephants of the genus Mammuthus .
Mamoudzou is the capital of the French department of Mayotte .
Mamoudzou was chosen as the capital in 1977 .
Manacor is a town and a municipality located on the island of Majorca .
Manage is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
Management means directing and controlling a group of one or more people or an organization to reach a goal .
Managerial tasks that are not necessarily backlogged can be found at Maintenance .
Managua has been the capital city of Nicaragua since 1855 .
Manama is the capital city of Bahrain .
Manassas Park is a city of Virginia in the United States .
Manassas is a city of Virginia in the United States .
Manatee County is a county in the state of Florida .
Manatee County was created in 1855 .
Manatee Palms Youth Services has been shut down by the State of Florida twice because of hurtful behavior from staff workers and nurses at its hospital .
Manatee Palms Youth Services is a hospital .
Manatee Palms was in the news after people found out that a sex offender was employed in 2003 .
Manatees have thick pads around their lips stiff bristle that help them grab food and move it towards the mouth .
Manatees live in salt water and in fresh water .
Manatees live on the coasts of the Atlantic Ocean and the rivers .
Manaus had a great age when latex was discovered in the Amazon region .
Manaus in Facebook
Manaus is the principal city of the North Region of Brazil .
Manchester Airport competes with other airports nearby such as Liverpool Airport and Leeds Bradford Airport .
Manchester City Council is the local government for Manchester .
Manchester City Football Club is a massive English football club .
Manchester Metropolitan University was created as Manchester Polytechnic on the merger of three colleges in 1970 .
Manchester United Football Club is a football club that plays in the Barclays Premier League .
Manchester United and Manchester City are football teams in the area .
Manchester United are the most successful club in England .
Manchester United made Matt Busby their manager after the Second World War .
Manchester and North West England are served by Manchester Airport .
Manchester became the first city in the UK to get a new tram system when the Manchester Metrolink opened in 1992 .
Manchester has the highest population of students in the United Kingdom in term time .
Manchester is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Manchester is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Manchester is the largest city in New Hampshire .
Manchester was given city status in 1853 .
Manchester was incorporated in 1838 under the Municipal Corporations Act 1835 as the Corporation of Manchester or Manchester Corporation .
Manchester was the host of the 2002 Commonwealth Games .
Manchukuo made its own money and it was called the Manchukuo yuan .
Mandach is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Mandaeans do not consider John to be the founder of their religion .
Mandaeans have several prophets .
Mandarin Airlines is an airline from Taiwan .
Mandaue City Central School is the oldest school in Mandaue City .
Mandeism is the religion of the Mandaean people .
Mandrills are predominantly terrestrial .
Mandrills can live for over 46 years .
Mandrills live in Cameroon and Gabon .
Mandriva was first made public by a French software company MandrakeSoft .
Manduguk is the most common dish made with mandu in Korea .
Manerbe is a commune .
Manga are well known to the world .
Manga is usually read from right to left .
Manganese compounds are chemical compounds that have manganese ions in them .
Manganese dust can irritate lungs .
Manganese is chemical element 25 on the periodic table .
Manganese is less toxic than nickel or copper .
Manganese is normally made in an alloy with steel .
Manganese is often added to improve the hardenability of low carbon steels .
Manganese is sometimes found alloyed with iron naturally .
Manganese is used a lot in steel to make it stronger .
Manganese metal is also alloyed with aluminium .
Manglish is a language that sounds almost the same as English spoken by Malaysians .
Mangrove roots give clear water to the coral by trapping dirt and clean water by filter land runoff and removing pollutants .
Mangrove trees are often the beginning of what will one day be a small island .
Mangroves are trees or shrubs that grow in salty water in hot places like the tropics .
Mangroves live right in the water .
Mangroves serve as feeding and breeding grounds for many fish species including the barramundi .
Mangum is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Manhattan was the center of a series of large battles in the early American Revolutionary War .
Manhay is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg .
Mani Ratnam established Madras Talkies for film production during the shoot of Iruvar .
Mani Ratnam had earlier produced Thiruda Thiruda under his personal name .
Mani later left the Elkasaites to start his own religion .
Mania is a severe medical condition characterized by an extremely strong mood .
Manicamp is a commune .
Manichaean churches and scriptures existed as far east as China and as far west as the Roman empire .
Manichaeism appears to have died out before the sixteenth century in southern China .
Manichaeism was big between the third and seventh centuries .
Manicures can be done at home or by a professional in a nail salon .
Manila Sound was made famous by a folk rock band called Hotdog .
Manila is by a bay named Manila Bay .
Manila is the capital city of the Philippines .
Manilla is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Maninghem is a commune .
Manipur is a state within the Republic of India .
Manipur shares a border with Burma .
Manisa is a city in the western Turkey in Asia Minor .
Manitoba became part of Canada on 12 May 1870 .
Manitoba is a province of Canada .
Mankato is a city in Blue Earth and Nicollet counties of Minnesota in the United States .
Mankiewicz later commented that he had seen an innocence in Monroe that he found appealing .
Manly is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Manmohan Singh is the Prime Minister of India .
Mannheim has several universities .
Mannheim is now an important city because of its business power and culture .
Manning is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Manno is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Manor Creek is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Manor House is a district of North London .
Manorialism describes the way how land was distributed and who who profited from the land .
Manorialism or Seigneurialism is the name for the organization of the economy in the Middle Ages .
Mansehra is a city in Pakistan .
Mansfield Town F.C. is a football club which plays in England .
Mansfield is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Mansfield is a small town at the base of the Victorian part of the Australian Alps .
Manson is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Mantis shrimps are crustacean stomatopods .
Mantises are masters of camouflage and most species make use of protective coloration to blend in with the foliage or substrate .
Mantises are notable for their hunting abilities .
Mantova is in the Lombardy Region .
Mantras may form part of worship or people may simply recite them loudly or slowly .
Manuae is a true atoll sitting on the peak of a submerged volcano which descends 4000 meters to the ocean bed .
Manuel Antonio National Park is a national park in Costa Rica .
Manuel Pino is a professor at Scottsdale Community College in Arizona .
Manuel speaks only a little English and he often makes mistakes .
Manufacture of new Harriers ended in 1997 .
Manufacturing is a branch of industry that produces goods out of raw materials .
Manure from hogs and cattle is spread on fields using a Manure spreader .
Manure is organic matter used as fertilizer in agriculture .
Manvieux is a commune .
Manx is protected under the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages .
Manx is spoken mainly by people who learn it through interest .
Many 20th century Christian sects have similar beliefs .
Many Card Sharks fans say this version is the worst game show revival of all time .
Many Carnegie library buildings still stand .
Many Christians think these letters are very important for theology and ethics .
Many Christians were martyred .
Many Filipino people live there .
Many French were tired of war and the death and suffering that it led to .
Many Italians worked in the coal industry .
Many Japanese like tatami and have a lot them in their homes .
Many Jewish people fled here from Inquisition .
Many Lutheran churches celebrate a holiday on October 31st called The Reformation .
Many Muslims consider him a hero for defeating the Crusaders over twenty years worth of battles .
Many Muslims from around the world visit Mecca in Saudi Arabia to make a pilgrimage .
Many Muslims live in Xanthi .
Many Muslims see the book as blasphemous against Islam .
Many Shiites danced around his corpse .
Many Stock markets adjust the market cap on the value of the publicly traded part of the company .
Many Tamils people lost their citizenship of being citizens of Sri Lanka .
Many Tamils still live in these countries .
Many Wiccans and modern Pagans celebrate the Day of the Dead .
Many academics and scholars consider Neruda to be one of the most important and widely read poets of the 1900s .
Many actors have come and gone in the history of Saturday Night Live .
Many animals develop in separate stages .
Many anime fans in the US did not like the changes .
Many archaeological sites have been found there .
Many artists are famous for their painted pictures .
Many artists continued to work in the style of the High Renaissance .
Many baseball players who first wore baseball gloves or a type of them were often teased and taunted when they were used .
Many bass live in or near North America .
Many battles have been fought over who was to own the islands before Spain claimed them .
Many big rivers in the surrounding countries drain into the Baltic Sea .
Many books are published every year in Marathi .
Many buildings in the city are built out of volcanic rock from the local area .
Many bullockies and teamsters were famous for their voices and for their foul language .
Many cancers are treated successfully .
Many canyons are made by rivers and earthquakes .
Many carbon atoms linked together with hydrogen atoms form plastic .
Many castles are very beautiful and are public .
Many cathedrals are very old .
Many cathedrals have gargoyles .
Many cells have calcium channels on their surface .
Many centuries later it developed into the modern pipe organ .
Many cheap cameras only have one lens that people can not change or take out .
Many chemicals can be a hazard .
Many children come to KUIS to learn English .
Many cities were part of it .
Many coaches have won the award numerous times .
Many college students purchase MacBooks to help with their studies and to stay connected with their family and friends .
Many consider him the top ballhandler who ever lived .
Many copies of Lost Horizon were sold in the 1930s as one of the first Pocket Books .
Many countries and regions have special kinds of sausage .
Many countries are now making passports with biometric properties .
Many countries banned this book because they argued it tried to spread hatred about all Muslims in general and Prophet in particular .
Many countries do not have any glaciers .
Many countries have made it illegal if it is not used as medicine .
Many countries use this process today .
Many different items are made in the town .
Many different kinds exist .
Many different kinds of animals or plants can share the same habitat .
Many different kinds of fresh fish and other seafood are served raw in Japanese dishes .
Many different types of artillery were used during the Battle of the Somme .
Many different types of paint are used for paintings .
Many early socialists were also nationalists .
Many events happen at the National Mall .
Many existing statues alternatively show her in typically feminine attire as well as those that depict her in the royal ceremonial attire .
Many exotic dancers in strip clubs are required to wear them by law .
Many experts question tactical voting in that it can undermine a democratic outcome .
Many families who were poor had their children castrated because it might give them a better future .
Many famous actors became famous people in Japan .
Many famous actors voiced some of the characters in Fallout .
Many famous comic actors got their starts being cast members on the program .
Many famous composers had jobs as Kapellmeister .
Many famous people have done the speaking part .
Many famous problems of this kind exist .
Many fans of Lennon have threatened to kill Chapman if he was ever released from prison .
Many fans were very angry and said Valve lied to them .
Many farms are in valleys that are in hilly land .
Many farms in richer countries are very large and can cause damage to the world we live in .
Many fish were preserved in detail .
Many foreign soccer teams come to KUIS to play soccer .
Many foreign tourists like the traditional methods which the women use to make the pots .
Many galaxies also continue to form new generations of stars .
Many geologists and fossil collectors from Europe and America visited Anning at Lyme to purchase specimens .
Many go as far as to place him alongside Shakespeare and Dante .
Many government buildings and agencies are located on the waterfront .
Many groups of people agree on lists of principles .
Many haunted houses are believed to contain ghosts .
Many have distinct dietary preferences and regularly occur in association with certain species .
Many hikers visit the Apsan Mountain .
Many historians now believe that Harry Truman was a great president .
Many historians see this battle as the bloodiest of World History .
Many historians think that he is the worst U.S. president .
Many historians thought that Lord Stanhope himself might have been from the house of Baden and that was why he was interested in Kaspar .
Many house cats eat food which their owners give them .
Many houses in the villages are called chalets .
Many hunters and fishermen taxidermine the animals they catch and kill for trophies .
Many ideas in abstract algebra are examples of categories or can be used to make categories .
Many important archaeological discoveries have been made that can provide a better understanding of that era .
Many important intellectual and artistic developments happened in an area that is known as the southern lowlands .
Many insects lived around the swampy land .
Many internet browsers have a JavaScript engine .
Many jumped into a well inside the compound to escape from the bullets .
Many kamikaze pilots offered themselves as volunteers for the mission .
Many kinds of paints are used to create art .
Many kinds of reports to Parliament contained tables of data .
Many kings and rulers used this radical shift in the understanding of the world to further consolidate their sovereignty over their territories .
Many large businesses have their main offices there .
Many leaders from different countries came to the White House .
Many local residents and small businesses think that it will take jobs and customers from other towns .
Many magazines and newspapers printed the recipe to prepare the fudge .
Many maids are required by their employers to wear a uniform .
Many mammals live in cold places .
Many manufacturers make vans .
Many maps today are made using GIS computer systems .
Many marine gastropods are burrowers and have siphons or tubes that extend from the mantle and sometimes the shell .
Many mathematicians are math professors at universities .
Many members of the Carlist military forces of the 19th and 20th centuries in Spain wore detentes or amulets with an image of the Sacred Heart .
Many members of the PLO and Israel did not agree with the Accords .
Many men became workmen and found a job in the factories and earned money .
Many men in the English longbow corps died many English leaders of the battle were killed or taken prisoner .
Many military forces also have sailing vessels for the purpose of training .
Many modern processors use microcode for some of the commands .
Many more pilots were recruited to act as kamikaze .
Many movements of Thangpak are also part of the dances of Manipur .
Many music theorists have written books about harmony .
Many musicians traveled a long way to Amsterdam to hear him improvise at the organ .
Many nannies can begin their employment in their late teens .
Many natural environments are the product of the interaction between nature and humans .
Many natural sciences use matrices quite a lot .
Many new music bands are also now singing in English .
Many newly freed slaves settled there before the creation of Sierra Leone as a colony for freed slaves .
Many newspapers reported his flight and he became famous .
Many of his former teammates and other famous black baseball players served as pallbearers .
Many of his organ works have canons .
Many of his poems have a lyrical quality .
Many of his pupils became famous players .
Many of his reforms and programs revolved around socialism .
Many of his short stories have appeared in The Best American Short Stories anthologies .
Many of his teachings were later taken up by Martin Luther who also published some of the things he wrote in prison .
Many of his works are still played today .
Many of its early authors were the children of Jewish immigrants from Europe .
Many of its lines were built by Huntington and others to sell land in the community .
Many of manor houses were equipped with small gatehouses and watchtowers .
Many of signal processing tasks can be seen in terms of a wavelet transform .
Many of the Allens stores sell less goods than other stores .
Many of the Greek gods were her descendants .
Many of the Irish people lived in a part of the Lower East Side known as the Bowery or in another section called Five Points .
Many of the James Bond films were massive hits .
Many of the arts desiring to compete argue that the competitions give place to better and more efficient techniques .
Many of the backgrounds used in the movie are the exact same that were used in the original 1942 movie .
Many of the cast have said that there will be a Hannah Montana Movie .
Many of the dancers had come from the Mariinsky Theatre in Saint Petersburg .
Many of the earliest significant inscriptions and buildings appeared in this overlapping zone .
Many of the early settlers of Marion County were from South Carolina .
Many of the famous samurai movies by Akira Kurosawa take place during this era .
Many of the forest places that they like to live in have been cleared for farming and other development .
Many of the greatest performers of classical music have performed in the hall .
Many of the neighborhoods in Malden take their name and identity from the Square they are centered around .
Many of the people belonging to those communities have lived in the city for many generations .
Many of the people hunt with poisoned arrows .
Many of the people lived and went to school at missions .
Many of the poems are collected from Karelia and areas nearby .
Many of the population support or show interest in the sport .
Many of the substances that people use daily are organic compounds .
Many of the things in the book were double entendres .
Many of the towns in the area have the word gali as part of their names .
Many of the women performers were probably prostitutes .
Many of their songs are very old and some people think the songs are as old as the old Mali Empire .
Many of them are not all that difficult to play .
Many of them had little combat experience with Germanic fighters under local conditions .
Many of them thought that it could be proven from the other simpler axioms .
Many of them were from the Russian Imperial Theatres and they came to dance for Ballets Russes during the summer months .
Many of these animals are known from fossil evidence to have lived in the area at the time .
Many of these birds are found in tropical areas .
Many of these books have been made into movies .
Many of these fossils are closely related to modern living forms .
Many of these technologies also have other applications .
Many of these wetland only happen during the Wet season and have rare or uncommon plant types .
Many older narrative poems were designed to be passed on through generations as a way of recording history .
Many organizations are active in cultural and social issues .
Many other Christians used a Bible in Latin .
Many other chemical compounds have a cadmium iodide crystal structure .
Many other people have tried flying with balloons the same way .
Many others had to shift to India .
Many others have become hotels or museums .
Many paintings show Mary with the baby Jesus .
Many parts of airplanes are made in the city of Wichita .
Many passenger and freight trains stopped at Parkes up until the 1980s .
Many patterns can directly be recognized by the senses .
Many people also eat chicken and mutton .
Many people and organizations outside of China has called for the Chinese government to stop jailing and killing Falun Gong people .
Many people are learning the language .
Many people are said to have seen ball lightning .
Many people attended those lectures .
Many people became enlightened because of him .
Many people became frightened or depressed by the things that he said .
Many people believe that the introduction of the Barbie doll was wrong due to the fact that it made young girls believe that they had to become skinny in order to be just like Barbie .
Many people bought The Call of the Wild and Jack London became a famous writer .
Many people call the region Paradise on Earth .
Many people call this movement as the Dravidian movement .
Many people came to California to find gold .
Many people came to see him .
Many people can speak both French and English .
Many people choose them as sacred spots .
Many people classify their music as New Age .
Many people come to Parkes to see the CSIRO radio telescope which is 20km north of town on the Newell Highway .
Many people consider Kiprusoff to be the best goalie in the world .
Many people did not like his thinking .
Many people disagree about what Hamlet is really thinking .
Many people dye their hair to hide gray or white hairs .
Many people enjoy the sandwich as it is easy and quick to make in a hurry .
Many people find gardens relaxing especially if the garden is full flowers with strong scents .
Many people from India consider him to have been a great emperor .
Many people from other countries work in Saudi Arabia .
Many people from other parts of the world think of Canada as a very cold and snowy place .
Many people gamble for fun and entertainment .
Many people go to see Mackinac Island in the summer because the island passed a local law that says that no one can use a car on the island .
Many people go to see the Plaza Mayor which was a market place .
Many people have learned by playing music from it .
Many people have written books about the NSA .
Many people in Boston were unhappy about British troops being in the city .
Many people in areas where there is malaria do not have the money to buy this medicine .
Many people like candy and think it tastes good .
Many people like to cook casserole because it is a very simple meal .
Many people like to eat watermelon in the summer because the fruit is cool and refreshing .
Many people make a mistake and think he was part wolf or part malamute .
Many people play it and many others watch it .
Many people respected MacArthur so they were angry at Truman .
Many people say he has a good body .
Many people say that Samoan people are related to Maori people because lots of the language words are very similar to Maori language .
Many people say that this park is also part of the National Mall .
Many people see Cape Horn as the southern tip of South America .
Many people see Managua as one of the safest cities in America to live in .
Many people seee him as one of the most influential ones of the late 20th century .
Many people think Carnotaurus was a carnosaur related to Allosaurus .
Many people think he is very religious .
Many people think it is one of the most beautiful buildings ever built .
Many people think they are one of the most beautiful things in nature .
Many people today still believe that Mathus was right about human population growth getting out of hand .
Many people use it as a vegetable .
Many people usually get confused between wasps and bees .
Many people wanted the festival to continue to be in the hands of the Wagner family .
Many people were killed by fascist governments because the government did not like them or because they opposed fascism .
Many people who live in Managua are White or Mestizo .
Many people who own wooded land in these parts of the world are proud of their oak trees .
Many people who study taxonomy include the Tetrapoda within this group .
Many people who work for the government use the station because it is underneath the Parliament House of Victoria .
Many people with falciparum malaria must be treated in a hospital .
Many places the post offices also work like banks .
Many players also buy money from websites in which they are not supposed to .
Many poems of Finnish book Kalevala are from Karelians .
Many popular cultures have her names .
Many predators like to eat them .
Many printers today use computer languages like Postscript or PCL .
Many professional photographers lived in Areqiupa .
Many remain dormant during dry times .
Many rivers start in Kashmir .
Many said it was one of the best rock records in memory .
Many salamis are named after the city or region where they come from .
Many scholars believe this to be his finest drama .
Many scholars consider these governments to have been or evolved into traditionalist and conservative rather than fascist .
Many scientiests believe that the Bubonic plague was spread through fleas on rats .
Many scientists have tried to understand why the rules are different in deep space .
Many scientists use the scientific method for their research .
Many sculptures also show movement with fine details .
Many serial killers and psychopaths have been sexual sadists .
Many services do not have fixed prices for work .
Many small rivers or creek flow over the Mountain and into the Bay or Lake .
Many smaller towns are also located on the Tasman Peninsula .
Many steps can be traced back to the Maxixe danced in 1910s .
Many stories connected to Aboriginal rock are highly complex and linked to other stories .
Many stories in Kalevala are about two countries fighting each other .
Many strawberries are grown on strawberry farms and the farmers often have hives of bees that live on the farm to pollinate the strawberries .
Many students start school the day after .
Many studies have shown hallucinatory experiences take place across the world .
Many systems combine Metro with other types of transit .
Many systems may also be different in other ways .
Many taps give water and are used in homes .
Many teams from the NWHL moved to the CWHL .
Many teenagers show their ideas and opinions by the way they look .
Many things can change the surface of the Earth .
Many things from other places also influenced Maya art and buildings .
Many things happened to Cabell in 1901 .
Many think of him as one of the greatest quarterbacks ever .
Many tourists visit the beautiful city of Bamberg .
Many tourists visit the temple .
Many towns are built on the sloping sides of valleys .
Many towns still have many parts of the German culture .
Many trappers had native wives and lived outside Fort Vancouver .
Many treasures from the tomb of King Tutankhamun are in this museum .
Many tropical plants completely depend on bats .
Many types of cattle are used for milk .
Many types of lasers are used by doctors for surgeries .
Many types of paint are best if they are put on in several layers .
Many urban Australian myths surround his disppearance .
Many vaccines have been highly cost effective and beneficial for public health .
Many valleys like this were made in the Ice Ages .
Many vases are decorated or painted but some are left plain .
Many visitors use the Table Mountain Aerial Cableway or hike to the top .
Many wadis have pans of alluvium with rich soil that are also difficult to cultivate .
Many went to the new free colony of Victoria .
Many were disappointed when a site in south Manchester was chosen .
Many were without sound but later films had sound .
Many words in Kannada are taken from Sanskrit .
Many young doctors have not even seen some of these diseases !
Many young men sacrificed themselves by their free will because these beliefs and their love for the home land were the most important things for them .
Manzai developed nationally .
Manzai has a lot of kinds .
Manzai in Edo period since Heian period in Japan .
Manzai that called now was art celebrate New Year originally in the Heian period in Japan .
Manzanar was the name of a Japanese American internment camp in California .
Manzanillo is a city in Colima in Mexico .
Manziat is a commune .
Mao Asada is known for her amazing flexiblity .
Mao and the Communists had many supporters in the farms and the countryside .
Mao escaped from the Nationalists with other Communists to a part of China called Yenan .
Mao said that Chiang is corrupt and is unfit to rule China .
Map lichen is a lichen widely used by climatologists to determine the relative age of deposits .
Maple Ridge is a District Municipality .
Maple Ridge is located in southern British Columbia .
Maple Ridge is on the north shore of the Fraser River .
Maple Story can become hard to level up on .
Maple syrup is a thick kind of syrup made from the sap of maple trees .
Maple trees are often planted as ornamental trees in cities .
MapleStory got its name from the maple leaf .
MapleStory has 50 million users .
Maples are also grown to make Maple syrup .
Mapleton is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Maputo is the capital of Mozambique .
Maputo was founded in the 18th century .
Maquoketa is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Mar del Plata is a city of Argentina in the Buenos Aires Province .
Mara Manzan died of pulmonary failure .
Marado or Mara Island is the most southern island of South Korea .
Marais often conducted the operas Lully had written .
Marais was hired as a musician in 1676 to play at the royal court of Versailles .
Marant is a commune .
Marat Safin is a professional tennis player from Russia .
Marathon is a city of Florida in the United States .
Marathon is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Marble Rock is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Marble dust can be combined with cement or synthetic resins to make reconstituted or cultured marble .
Marble is a metamorphic rock that developed from limestone .
Marboz is a commune .
Marbury asked the Supreme Court to order Madison to deliver the commission .
Marbury v. Madison is a famous Supreme Court case that first established judicial review in the United States .
Marceau created many personalities .
Marcello is painting while Rodolfo gazes out of the window .
Marcenais is a commune .
March is the third month of the year .
March music is often composed for special ceremonial occasions such as coronations .
March of the Penguins is a documentary about penguins .
Marchamp is a commune .
Marche is a region in center Italy on the Adriatic Sea .
Marcheprime is a commune .
Marches are often written especially so that soldiers can march to them .
Marches can be slow marches or quick marches .
Marcillac is a commune .
Marcionism is an type of Christianity which started around 144 .
Marco Camenisch is a Swiss anarchist and environmental activist .
Marco Island is a city of Florida in the United States .
Marco told the writer about all his adventures .
Marconne is a commune .
Marconnelle is a commune .
Marcus Hahnemann is an American soccer player .
Marcus is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Marcus then returned to Rome .
Mardan is a city in Pakistan .
Mare Tranquillitatis is a large area on the visible side of the Moon .
Marechal Deodoro is a Brazilian municipality of Alagoas state .
Marengo is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Marengo is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Marenla is a commune .
Marest is a commune .
Maresville is a commune .
Marfontaine is a commune .
Margaret Dumont played the leading lady role in many of their shows .
Margaret died four days after her husband .
Margaret was then married to Henry IV of France .
Margarine is an artificial butter .
Margarine is used in many baked products .
Margate is a city of Florida in the United States .
Margaux is a commune .
Marge also is a very skilled cook .
Marge is the only member of the family who normally tries to encourage the family to go to church .
Marge studied to be a painter .
Margherita was regent of Plaisance in 1635 and regent of the entire duchy in 1646 after the death of her husband .
Margival is a commune .
Margueron is a commune .
Maria Edgeworth helped Irish peasantry very much .
Maria Edgeworth was a novelist in the early nineteenth century .
Maria Edgeworth was born in Oxfordshire in 1767 or 1768 .
Maria Montessori created the first Montessori school .
Maria Montessori started this method when she was in charge of a school for handicapped children .
Maria Montessori was an Italian educator and doctor .
Maria Teresa quickly wrote a letter explaining what had happened to Charles III of Spain a month after Josepha died .
Maria began to win tournaments and many people started to notice her .
Maria lies 32 kilometers northeast of Manila and is located at the eastern portion of Bulacan .
Maria published Castle Rackrent secretly .
Maria trained harder and harder .
Maria was on a list of 99 eligible European princesses to marry the young king .
Marianna began to grow and prosper when the county government moved into the new courthouse in 1829 .
Marianna is a city of Florida in the United States .
Marianna is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Marie Byrd Land is a part of Antarctica .
Marie Christine was already married to Prince Albert of Saxony .
Marie Clotilde and her husband fled to Naples and lived as guests of the wealthy Colonna .
Marie Clotilde died on 7 March 1802 .
Marie Clotilde had been taught Italian while at Versailles .
Marie Clotilde was buried in the Church of Santa Caterina a Chiaia in Naples .
Marie had a very close relationship to her children .
Marie was a devout Roman Catholic .
Mariel of Redwall has also been translated to seven different languages .
Marietta is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Marignieu is a commune .
Marijuana is one of the least dangerous of the illegal drugs that are commonly used .
Marillet is a commune .
Marilyn Monroe lived in Hawthorne until she was six .
Marimbault is a commune .
Marine One is the call sign for any Marine aircraft carrying the President of the United States .
Marine biologists are the people who study it .
Marine biologists must know a lot about the animals they are studying .
Marine biology is the study of any living plant or animal in the sea .
Marine organisms with a larval stage often release large numbers of eggs and sperms into the water column .
Mariner 10 is no longer functional today but is still orbiting the sun .
Marino finished his career with the university having thrown 74 touchdown passes .
Marino started his career playing for University of Pittsburgh as a quarterback .
Mario Bros. is a game made in 1983 .
Mario Bros. was also included with the four Super Mario Advance games .
Mario Capecchi is known for his new work in gene targeting of the mouse embryonic stem cells which helped him study other transgenic technologies such as cloning and genetic changing .
Mario Capecchi was born in the Italian city of Verona in 1937 .
Mario Haas played 43 matches for Austria and scored 7 goals .
Mario Haas started his career with SK Sturm Graz .
Mario Kart 64 is a racing video game made by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64 game console .
Mario Kart DS is a racing game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS .
Mario Kart Wii is a kart racing video game made by Nintendo for the Wii game console .
Mario Kart is a series of racing video games made by Nintendo .
Mario Party is a series of video games created by Nintendo and Hudson .
Mario Tennis is a video game released for the Nintendo 64 in 2000 .
Mario and his mother moved to Pennsylvania to live at a cooperative community which had been started by his uncle .
Mario does not say many things .
Mario has rescued Princess Peach lots of times since Super Mario Bros. .
Mario is one of the most famous video game characters of all time .
Mario later appeared with his twin brother Luigi in another game called Mario Bros. .
Mario rescued Princess Daisy in Super Mario Land for the Game Boy .
Mario was seen plumbing during the animated series .
Mario was the first video game character to get a wax figure in the Hollywood Wax Museum in 2003 .
Marion County also has three large lakes at its opposite borders .
Marion County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida .
Marion County is pert of the Ocala Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Marion is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Marion is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Marion is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Marion is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Marion tries to comfort him by saying that she will buy him a drink .
Marions is a commune .
Mark Antony seized power and turned the public against them .
Mark Bosnich is a football player .
Mark Cavendish began his career with the British Track Cycling team .
Mark Dayton is the current Governor serving in Minnesota .
Mark Donaldson is an Australian soldier who was given the first Victoria Cross for Australia .
Mark Hoppus is an American musician .
Mark Knopfler and Dire Straits have sold in excess of 120 million albums .
Mark Twain was an American author .
Mark died in 2004 of AIDS .
Mark is often called the best driver to never have won a Sprint cup championship .
Marked Tree is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Market cap reflects only the equity value of a company .
Market capitalization is the share price times by the number of shares in issue .
Market forces and general investor opinions can also affect share price .
Market prices for saffron types follow directly from these ISO scores .
Market town is a word in law that came from the medieval period .
Marketing is the method to get as many customers as possible .
Markham is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Markhor are 65 to 115 centimetres tall at the shoulder .
Markhor often stand on their back legs to reach the top leaves of trees .
Marklohe has about 4000 habitants .
Marklohe is a small village in Germany .
Marks Historic Railroad Trail State Park
Marlboro also sponsored the Alfa Romeo Formula One team between and .
Marlboro also sponsored the Australian Marlboro Holden Dealer Team from 1974 through to 1984 .
Marlboro became associated with the McLaren team .
Marlboro currently sponsors the Ducati MotoGP .
Marlboro is also known for its sponsorship of auto racing .
Marlboro then replaced the logo with a variety of barcodes .
Marley continues to give John new material for his column by causing havoc on the house and readers loved it .
Marley has a football team named after him in England called FC Zion .
Marley has released four studio albums .
Marley has won three Grammy awards and is the son of Bob Marley .
Marlfox is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1998 .
Marlieux is a commune .
Marlow is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Marmaray is a project to connect Asia and Europe under sea with rail tunnels .
Marmaray will be finished in 2012 .
Marne is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Marnie is a 1964 film directed by Alfred Hitchcock and starring Tippi Hedren and Sean Connery .
Maroa is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Maroggia is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Marollette is a commune .
Maroon is a dark red color .
Marpa made three difficult journeys to India and spent about twenty years there .
Marquette Heights is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Marquette is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan .
Marquette is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Marquette is in the United States of America .
Marquion is a commune .
Marriage certificates were written tables .
Mars has been known since old times .
Mars is the God of War in Roman mythology .
Mars is the father of Romulus and Remus .
Mars is the fourth planet from the Sun in the Solar System .
Mars is the son of Juno .
Marsan is a commune of the Gers department in the southwestern part of France .
Marseille is a city in the south of France .
Marseilles is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Marsh P. et al . 2003 .
Marshall County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Marshall drank some of the bacteria and soon developed gastritis with achlorhydria .
Marshall is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Marshall is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Marshalltown is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Marsimik La is four km west of the sharp 6000 to 6500 meter ridge line forming the line of actual control .
Marsing is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Marske by the Sea is a village in the borough of Redcar and Cleveland in England .
Marske has a decent range of local shops .
Marsonnas is a commune .
Marsupials are the main part of an infraclass of mammals called the Metatheria .
Marsupials evolved before the southern supercontinent Gondwana broke off from Pangaea 100 million years ago .
Marsupials give birth to living babies and feed their babies on milk .
Marsupials have a special pouch where they carry their babies .
Martelange is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg .
Martelle is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Martensdale is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Martha and Washington had no children together .
Marti Webb is a British actress and singer born in London in 1944 .
Martignat is a commune .
Martigny is a district in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Martillac is a commune .
Martin Luther King was elected its president .
Martin Luther McCoy is an American musician and actor .
Martin Luther is a 1953 film biography of Martin Luther .
Martin Peters is a former football player .
Martin is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Martin the Armenian was invited to the colony to raise silk worms .
Martin the Armenian was one of the settlers in the Jamestown Colony in Virginia .
Martin the Warrior is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1993 .
Martinet is a commune .
Martinique national football team is the national football team of Martinique .
Martinpuich is a commune .
Martinsburg is a city in West Virginia .
Martinsburg is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Martinsburg was founded in 1778 by General Adam Stephen and named in honor of Colonel Thomas Bryan Martin .
Martinsville is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Martinsville is a city of Morgan County in the state of Indiana in the United States .
Martinsville is a city of Virginia in the United States .
Martragny is a commune .
Martres is a commune .
Marty Robbins died of heart failure in December 1982 .
Marty Wright is also known as the Boogeyman in the WWE .
Marty seeks out and meets Dr. Brown in 1955 .
Marty uses the car to escape from Libyan terrorists and accidentally goes back to the year 1955 .
Marvel used to be a company called Timely Comics in the 1940s and then Atlas Comics in the 1950s .
Marvell is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Marvin first dated Anna Gordy in 1961 .
Marvin stated he would no longer record for Motown and was granted his wish when CBS Records brought him out of his contract in April of 1982 .
Marx also wrote the Economic and Philosophical Manuscripts of 1844 in his early days .
Marx lived for a long time in London .
Marx thought that this class struggle would result in workers taking power .
Marxism is the name for a set of political and economic ideas .
Marxism says that people in the world are organized into different groups or classes based on their relationship to how things are made .
Marxists think that all of written human history has been divided by economic classes .
Mary Boleyn was the daughter of Thomas Boleyn and Elizabeth Howard .
Mary Chapin Carpenter is an American and Grammy Awards winning folk and country singer and songwriter .
Mary Esther is a city of Florida in the United States .
Mary Magdalene is a woman in all four gospels of the New Testament .
Mary Patricia McAleese is the eighth President of the Republic of Ireland .
Mary Tudor died in Westhorpe Hall in 1533 .
Mary Tudor was born in 18 February 1516 in the Palace of Placentia in Greenwich .
Mary Tudor was born on 28 March 1495 in Richmond Palace .
Mary Tudor was going to be married to King Louis XII of France .
Mary and William married in London on 4 November 1677 .
Mary became pregnant .
Mary did not visit Anne during her pregnancy after that .
Mary died of cancer in 1718 .
Mary died of smallpox at Kensington Palace on 28 December 1694 .
Mary executed Jane Grey and married Philip II of Spain .
Mary had almost 300 religious dissenters burned at the stake .
Mary had less power than William when William remained in England .
Mary is often called by Roman Catholics and Lutherans the Blessed Virgin Mary .
Mary is so important they even wrote a prayer for her !
Mary lost a faithful friend and also her pride .
Mary married William Carey in 1520 .
Mary then agreed to marry the Earl of Bothwell .
Mary was a Protestant .
Mary was a very firm Catholic .
Mary was born as a princess of the Italian Duchy of Modena .
Mary was born at St. James Palace in London on 30 April 1662 .
Mary was not interested in politics .
Maryann graduated from San Jose State College in 1970 and taught English at Los Altos High School until 1977 .
Maryhill Estates is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Maryland is the only state with a motto in Italian .
Marysville is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Masaccio has painted this very holy scene as if it was taking place in a deep recess or small chapel in the wall of the church .
Masaccio used this way of making the viewer feel part of the scene in many of his paintings .
Masaccio was a nickname that meant Fat Untidy Tom .
Masaccio was inspired by what he had seen in Rome .
Masafumi Akikawa is a Japanese tenor singer .
Masaharu Fukuyama is a Japanese singer and movie and television actor .
Masahiko Kimura was a Japanese judoka who is widely considered one of the greatest judoka of all time .
Masahiro Sakurai is a video game developer who used to work for HAL Laboratory .
Masala is also a style of Indian movies where there is a mix of various styles of movies in one movie .
Mascots are usually associated with schools and sports teams .
Mascotte is a city of Florida in the United States .
Mascoutah is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Maserati is an Italian luxury car making company .
Mashhad is known because it is place of resting of the Imam Reza and also Ferdowsi the Great Persian poet .
Mashiro does not look like the last rulers of Winbloom as well .
Masiakasaurus was a small predatory theropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Madagascar .
Masolino was 17 years older than Masaccio .
Mason City is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Mason City is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Mason Verger captures Lecter .
Masonry is generally a highly durable form of construction .
Masonry is the building of structures from individual units laid in and bound together by mortar .
Masonville is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Masovian Voivodeship is one of the 16 Voivodeships of Poland .
Mass Effect is set 180 years in the future in the year 2183 .
Mass Relays are the only way to travel from one distant end of the galaxy to the other .
Mass is a measure of the amount of matter in the body while weight is a measure of the force on the object caused by a gravitational field .
Mass is the amount of matter in a body .
Massachusetts General Hospital is a very large hospital in the state of Massachusetts .
Massachusetts is a state in the United States of America .
Massachusetts is also one of the richest states in the United States .
Massachusetts was one of the first places that European people lived when they came to America .
Massagno is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Masseilles is a commune .
Massena is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Massieux is a commune .
Massive Attack is considered to be one of the most influential bands of the electronica music genres .
Massoins is a commune .
Massugas is a commune .
Mastectomy is a surgery to remove the breast .
Mastectomy is often done for people with breast cancer .
Master Chief goes to rescue him from a Covenant Ship .
Master Chief is assumed dead .
Master Chief is the last super soldier who is able to fight on the Pillar of Autumn .
Mastodons or Mastodonts are elephants of the extinct genus Mammut and the family Mammutidae .
Mastung is a district located in the north west of Balochistan province .
Masturbation is also seen as a sexual technique that protects individuals from the risk of contracting sexually transmitted diseases .
Masturbation is becoming accepted as a healthy practice and safe method for sharing pleasure without the strings .
Masturbation is usually continued until orgasm .
Masturbation makes most people feel good and can sometimes replace sexual intercourse when one can not find a partner .
Masturbation marathons are yearly events and are occurring across the globe from the U.S. to the UK .
Masturbation with a partner can also theoretically result in transmission of sexually transmitted diseases by contact with bodily fluids .
Matanzas is one of the provinces of Cuba .
Match Point is a 2005 movie by director Woody Allen .
Matcha costs more money than other kinds of tea .
Matcha is now a common ingredient in sweets .
Matcha must be kept away from oxygen .
Matchbooks have replaced matchboxes for some applications .
Matches that used sulfur were mentioned by Martial in ancient Rome .
Mate .
Matera is a town and province in the area of Basilicata .
Material desire is a feeling in people when they want a physical material so badly that they can never go away from it .
Math is used to get the passer rating .
Mathematical analysis is a part of mathematics .
Mathematical notation is a field of mathematics .
Mathematicians are people who learn about and discover such things in mathematics .
Mathematicians can receive the Abel prize and the Fields Medal for important works .
Mathematicians have grown this basic theory to make simple algebra rules which can be used to find the derivative of almost any function .
Mathematicians often use deduction .
Mathematicians solve problems by using logic .
Mathematics has shown that any object can be reassembled into any other object .
Mathematics itself is seen as a language by many .
Matilda is a novel by Roald Dahl .
Mating happens from afternoon to early evening .
Mating in cats is a spectacular event .
Matlock is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Mato Grosso do Sul is divided into 11 regions .
Mato Grosso do Sul is one of the states of Brazil .
Mato Grosso do Sul was a part of Mato Grosso until they were split in the 1970s .
Mato Grosso is one of the states of Brazil .
Matrices are also very common in computer science .
Matringhem is a commune .
Matrix mechanics is the first way that physicists found to express quantum physics in mathematical form .
Matt Bonner is a NBA basketball player for the San Antonio Spurs .
Matt Busby is a former football player .
Matt Groening is a cartoonist .
Matt Hubbard is an American television writer and screenwriter who has worked on many television shows .
Matt Kenseth is a NASCAR Race car driver for Roush Fenway Racing .
Matt is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
Matt is widely regarded as one of the fastest hands in the indie rock scene .
Matteo was a worthy and learned man .
Matter attracts other matter with a force called gravity .
Matter has a property called mass. .
Matter has volume .
Matter is the substance or material of which all things are made .
Mattertal is a valley in the Alps of Switzerland which begins on the side of the Matterhorn .
Matthew Le Tissier is a former football player .
Matthew Wolfenden is a football player .
Matthias Sindelar was found death in his home in Viennas Annengasse on 23 January 1939 .
Mattimeo is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1989 .
Mattoon is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Matzendorf is a municipality in the district Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Matzingen is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Maud is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Maul is a Sith lord who uses the Dark Side of the Force .
Maumelle is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Mauna Kea is a dormant volcano in the Hawaiian Islands .
Mauna Loa is an active volcano in the Hawaiian Islands of the United States .
Maurice Ravel was born in Ciboure in France .
Mauritania is a country in northwest Africa .
Mauritania national football team is the national football team of Mauritania .
Mauritius is also the name of the main island the country is located on .
Mauritius national football team is the national football team of Mauritius .
Maury Allen quoted New York Yankees employee Arthur Richman that Joe told him that the marriage went wrong from then .
Max and Moritz are stories like these .
Max and Ruby is a 2002 animated television series .
Max used his teaching skills in chess as well as mathematics .
Maxentius declined to make a general engagement .
Maxim Rysanov plays it on the viola .
Maximilian saved the life of that prisoner .
Maxwell House is a corporation of Kraft Foods .
Maxwell died in 1879 from cancer .
Maxwell grew up in a rich religious family .
Maxwell is a city of Iowa in the United States .
May 1 is known in many countries as May Day or International Labor Day .
May is the fifth month of the year .
Mayaguana is the most easterly island and district of the Bahamas .
Mayapan was a Maya city .
Maybe he let it be printed because he realized that Fitzhagen had improved it .
Mayday Parade is an emo band .
Mayes County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Mayet is a commune .
Mayflies are insects which belong to the Order Ephemeroptera .
Mayhem is a black metal band from Norway .
Maylene and the Sons of Disaster are an American band .
Maynard is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Mayonnaise or Mayo is a thick sauce made with vegetable oil and egg yolk .
Mayot is a commune .
Mayotte is an island in the Indian Ocean next to Madagascar .
Maysville is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Maysville is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Mazamitla is a town of the Mexican State of Jalisco .
Mazandarani language was writing by Pahlavi alphabet in early centuries of Islamic .
Mazandarni language has eldest literature in between local language in Iran .
Mazdak was a Zoroastrian priest .
Mazes can be on paper .
Mazingarbe is a commune .
Mazinghem is a commune .
Mazion is a commune .
Mazsalaca is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1928 .
McAllister was born in West Berlin on 12 January 1971 to a Scottish father and a German mother .
McCallum played the character for 114 episodes .
McClintock also found that the transposition of Ds and the is determined by the number of Ac copies in the cell .
McConnel set about improving Bryn Eglwys to increase its output .
McDiarmid has been in 47 films since 1976 .
McDiarmid was born in Carnoustie in Tayside .
McGee was drafted by the Washington Wizards with the 18th overall pick in the 1st round of the 2008 NBA Draft .
McLean died from his injuries three days after being shot .
McLean was badly wounded .
McMaster University and Mohawk College have produced national championship teams in a number of sports .
McMaster University is a perennial powerhouse in Mens Basketball and Football .
McMurray won the 2010 Daytona 500 .
Mead is married to Carol L. Mintzer and they have 2 children together .
Meanwhile Cosima was having a love affair with Richard Wagner .
Meanwhile Ravel left Paris for a time with some friends and started writing some of his best compositions .
Meanwhile in the cutscene we see the former elite commander being made into a religious warrior known as the Arbiter to make up for his failure to stop Master Chief in the original Halo .
Measurements are now good enough to allow astronomers to tell that these galaxies seem to be accelerating away from us .
Measurements should be taken on multiple samples from different parts of the rock body .
Meat for so can be various .
Meat that is cut into flat pieces for frying or grilling is called steak .
Meat was taken for food .
Medea helped Jason get the Golden Fleece from her father .
Medhat Pasha Souq is also a main market in Damascus and was named after Medhat Pasha .
Medical causes have also been associated with masturbation .
Medical documents have confirmed this correspondence in more than forty cases .
Medical science suggests that human beings should eat more carbohydrates than proteins and fat .
Medication can be bought at a pharmacy to remove them but usually they will go away on their own .
Medications which can help the symptoms of depression have existed for several decades .
Medicine is the study of health and disease .
Medicines to kill P. vivax and P. ovale in the liver are not safe for pregnant women .
Medieval beekeepers used it to make more honey .
Mediterranean and Indochinese cuisines frequently use basil .
Mehmed II and his grandson Selim I used it to justify their conquest of Islamic countries .
Meier was born in Amberg .
Melbourne has a long history of railway building .
Melee and Super Smash Bros. .
Member of National Assembly for Jahanian is Ch .
Members of Malacostraca have compound stalked or sessile eyes .
Members of a gang often dress similarly or have the same tattoos .
Members of the British Royal Family enjoy the show .
Members of the IPC are also part of the IOC take part with IOC groups and duties .
Members of the Rallidae are found on every continent except Antarctica .
Members of the genus Bacteroides are opportunistic pathogens .
Members of the group are radical Islamists .
Members of the group are the female singer Natalie Horler and the two Record Producers DJ Manian and Yanou .
Members of this family usually have zygomorphic flowers .
Membership is seldom given .
Men and women did not have equal rights .
Men have a natural fear of fire .
Men like Levi Strauss also sold things .
Men often lose some of their hair as they grow older .
Men usually wore Jeogori and baggy pants called Baji .
Men wear two pieces of white cloth that form a robe while women wear ordinary clothes long enough to cover the body from head to foot .
Mercedes were unhappy with the progress of Sauber and left the team at the end of the year .
Mercer Island is in the south end of the lake .
Merchants used the Silk Road to reach China .
Mercury compounds are chemical compounds that have mercury ions in them .
Merikanto died of lung cancer in Helsinki in 1958 .
Merikanto was born in 1893 .
Merope left the house and gave a love potion to a young man she liked named Tom Riddle .
Mesothelioma and lung cancer start in the lungs .
Messages from France showed that the new French King was unpopular because he was trying to ignore many events that had taken place during the revolution .
Metal structures and objects of all sorts are painted to stop them from rusting .
Metallic minerals are very important to most Saharan countries .
Metals that have iron and steel attract magnets well .
Metastasis is the stage in which cancer cells move through the bloodstream or lymphatic system .
Methodological naturalism is the principle underlying all of modern science .
Methodological or scientific naturalism is specifically concerned with practical methods for acquiring knowledge .
Mi Fu the poet was born here in 1051 .
Miami is about five hours to the southeast .
Michael Servetus and Emanuel Swedenborg were scientists of the 16th and 17th century .
Michael instantly regrets his violent behavior .
Michael wakes up in his own bedroom and thinks his whole experience never happened .
Michener met his wife Mari while in Japan .
Michener wrote that he did not know who his parents were or exactly when and where he was born .
Michigan International Speedway is an example of an oval track .
Microevolution can typically be described as changes in allele frequencies .
Microsoft made 4.2 million copies of Halo 3 for the first day of sales to make sure there were enough copies .
Middle names
Middle register could be used for lullabyes because of its majestic and soothing tone .
Midland Mainline and GNER trains go to London and to Birmingham and the South West .
Mild steel is the most common form of steel as its price is relatively low while it provides material properties that are acceptable for many applications .
Miley is a normal girl who is also a popstar named Hannah Montana .
Milhaud returned to France and worked very hard .
Milhaud studied in Paris at the Paris Conservatory where he met Arthur Honegger and Germaine Tailleferre who were also to become members of Les Six .
Military parades are often held after a battle or war has been won .
Milk became a city supervisor in 1977 .
Milk factories often make ice cream as well .
Milk moved from New York City to live in San Francisco in 1972 .
Milk served 11 months in office and helped gay rights in the city .
Milk was taken from the reindeer to drink or make cheese .
Millennium House is a multipurpose hall made in 2000 .
Millions of kinds of insects live in the rainforest .
Milton Greene had first met Monroe in 1953 when he was assigned to photograph her for Look magazine .
Mimi is helped into a chair .
Mimicry evolves because the better mimics survive better .
Mine operators are have to repair and replant the area when the mine closes .
Mines are a way to blow up the enemy and really shock the enemy .
Ministries and municipalities in many countries have also officially approved the naming of schools and educational departments in his honor .
Minnie Mouse and Pluto are also his creations .
Mirza lost in the first round of the MPS Group Championships but won the doubles title with Chuang .
Mirza picked up her first Grand Slam title at the 2009 Australian Open .
Mirza successfully qualified for the Toray Pan Pacific Open in Tokyo but lost in the first round to Zheng Jie .
Mirza then competed in the BNP Paribas Open where she lost in the second round to Flavia Pennetta .
Miss Clavel is their teacher and a nun .
Miss Clavel is worried about Madeline because she is an orphan and has no family .
Miss Honey later takes Matilda into her home and both of them live very happily .
Missionaries from Mexico brought their wine plants to produce wine for the mass. .
Missionaries had a big influence on the Aboriginal people of the Alligator Rivers area .
Mites on Lepidoptera families or fleas on mammals and birds are good examples .
Mix the 3 Tbs .
Mixing tar with linseed oil varnish produces tar paint .
Mixson served as lt. gov. from 1979 to 1987 .
Moca was made part of the La Vega province in 1854 .
Modalists say that the only number given to God in the Holy Bible is One .
Modern Japan is divided into 47 prefectures .
Modern Japanese has a lot of words that came from kabuki wordss .
Modern Tamil literature is also varied .
Modern dildos and anal plugs are designed with this feature .
Modern epidemiological methods are closely related to current ideas of disease and public health policy .
Modern fanfares come from the 19th century in Britain where they were written for important state events such as the crowning of a king or queen .
Modern hard drives have disk buffers .
Modern kayaks come in a wide variety of designs and materials for specialized purposes .
Modern magnetic tape is most commonly packaged in cartridges and cassettes .
Modern movies often show trumpets playing fanfares in ancient Rome but there is little evidence that this ever happened .
Modern paper is a thin sheet of wood fibers pressed together .
Modern particle physics involves colliding particles together very energetically to create new particles inside a particle accelerator .
Modern racetracks are designed with safety as the first priority .
Modern scientists can now make small molecules with almost any structure .
Modern soccer matches between Florence and Siena are probably more bloody .
Modern usage is a high capacity medium for backups and archives .
Modern use of castoreum is rare in medicine .
Moist winds blow in from the sea and are forced to rise over the land .
Moisture is added to the air you breath by special cells in the walls of the nasal cavity .
Molecular evidence indicates that they are most closely related to a family known as the Grylloblattidae .
Money raised will help manage the natural and cultural values of the park environment and improve visitor services .
Mongolia became an independent state later .
Monkey vault 21 .
Monkeys are a very common animal in the rainforest .
Monocots have one seed leaf .
Monroe and Miller returned to New York on separate flights .
Monroe and Miller wed again two days later in a Jewish ceremony before a small group of guests .
Monroe became very upset upon hearing the news .
Monroe began a career as a model which led to a film contract in 1946 .
Monroe did not want the United States Constitution to pass .
Monroe enrolled at UCLA in 1951 where she studied literature and art appreciation .
Monroe had previously received criticism for wearing a dress with a neckline cut almost to her navel when she acted as Grand Marshall at the Miss America Parade in September 1952 .
Monroe had three marriages .
Monroe negotiated the Louisiana Purchase .
Monroe received positive reviews and the film earned more than double its production costs .
Monroe received positive reviews for her performance and was in a strong position to negotiate with 20th Century Fox .
Monroe retired to Virginia .
Monroe said she had amused herself by pretending that Gable was her father .
Monroe sang and danced poorly on purpose to match the role .
Monroe signed the Missouri Compromise .
Monroe then announced that they had separated .
Monroe was born in Virginia .
Monroe was invited to spend the weekend with Lyon and his wife Bebe Daniels at their home .
Monroe was often ill and unable to perform .
Monroe was president from 1817 to 1825 .
Monroe was the last president to have fought in the American Revolutionary War .
Monroe worked with Betty Grable and Lauren Bacall for the movie .
Monroe wrote in My Story that she did not want to meet him because she thought he might be a stereotypical jock .
Monsieur de la Croquetagne was a captain in the Royal Guard of French King Louis XIV .
Monsoon forests often develop in the cool moist gorges found in the stone country .
Montauban became a city in 1144 .
Moonstep 16 .
More Canadians died in this war than any other war .
More agile characters can do more actions per turn .
More complex commands tend to use it .
More detailed games can be made when Game Maker Language is used .
More engine power was had by using cylinder heads and sometimes even fuel injection systems from VW Type 3 cars .
More fossils were found in January 1993 using an excavator to dig down to the fossil layer .
More information about this category can be found at Baptist .
More information can be found under the page Kaveri River
More land has become barren .
More lights on means more battery .
More people go to Major League Baseball games than go to see all the other team sports .
More recent drug solutions include lamotrigine .
More recent studies claim that partitions happened when Poland had been showing the beginning signs of a slow recovery and see the last two partitions as an answer to strengthening reforms in the Commonwealth and the potential threat they represented to its neighbors .
More recently tabs have become a popular feature of most web browsers .
More research is needed .
More supplies were eventually brought over from England on a ship .
More than 150 men died .
More than 250 living species are found worldwide .
More than 3 million live in the city itself .
More than 50 people were killed during this time .
More than 5000 athlets from more than 40 countries have attended the recent Games .
More than 900 families had to move away .
More than a million people played the game on Xbox Live in the first 24 hours of its release .
More than one hundred thousand people live there .
More than one million people went to games that Robinson played in in 1946 .
More than one play be in motion before the snap of the ball and the rules are more flexable about players position relative to the line of scrimmage .
More than one string can be plucked at the same time .
More than twenty thousand Baloch forces were killed while fighting British invaders .
More that one battalions are often make up a regiment or a brigade .
Morgan escaped into the bush .
Morgan said that he fired the shot .
Morgan shot police Sergeant McGinnerty dead .
Mormon farmers first lived there in 1854 .
Mormonism believes that The Fall was part of a plan thought up by God so that His children could get into Heaven .
Morocco controls and administers the rest of the disputed territory and calls these lands its Southern Provinces .
Morphy grew up in an atmosphere of culture where chess and music were the typical highlights of a Sunday home gathering .
Morphy was a Creole of mixed inheritance .
Morphy was also one of the first great chess prodigies in the modern era .
Moses says this mountain is found at Dastakert .
Mosquitoes will bite through thin cloth .
Moss lost major modeling contracts with several international companies .
Most Bulgarians started living in Haskovo in the 19th century .
Most CPUs since the 1980s have used one or more caches .
Most Caecilians have lungs .
Most Christians agree that the period lasts around seven years .
Most Egyptian people could not read or write that Standard Arabic .
Most Gaeltacht regions are in the Republic of Ireland .
Most Iraqi Mandaeans fled to Syria and Jordan under the threat of violence by Islamic extremists and the turmoil of the war .
Most Latin Americans are Roman Catholic .
Most Tallinnites get their drinking water from this lake .
Most accept Visa and MasterCards as well as debit cards of internationally recognized networks .
Most animals are dark on top and light underneath .
Most animals including human beings are born from a mother and a father .
Most animals live in one type of environment because they are best suited to it .
Most are made of brick .
Most balloon aircraft are filled with hot air .
Most bands from England are not successful outside their home country of the UK .
Most barium compounds are colorless .
Most bastides where built in the countryside .
Most believe that early Homo was the tool maker .
Most birthday cakes are made this way .
Most boys start masturbating between the age of 12 and 15 .
Most calcium compounds are not toxic .
Most cash registers print a receipt for a proof of purchase .
Most cave paintings date from 10.000 to 20.000 years ago .
Most caves remain at the same temperature year round .
Most churches do it to infants to mark their becoming members of the church .
Most common matter is made of particles called atoms .
Most conjugative plasmids have systems ensuring that the recipient cell does not already contain a similar element .
Most earwigs are omnivores they also eat some insect larvae .
Most farms are growing wheat and sheep .
Most fights start at 7 p.m. when the sun is not too hot .
Most gargoyles were made a long time ago .
Most halophiles are species in the Archaea domain .
Most halophilic and all salt tolerant organisms use energy to remove salt from their cytoplasm .
Most important among them are Naropa and Maitripa .
Most inhabitants are related to the Arabs displaced from their homes during the Israel War of Independence in 1948 .
Most instructions have one or more opcode fields .
Most international tourists who travel by plane arrive at Frankfurt International Airport or Munich Airport .
Most kitchens will have many cabinets for storage of cooking materials and utensils .
Most lakes on the surface of the Earth are fresh water and most are in the Northern Hemisphere .
Most legislative power concentrated in the House of Commons .
Most levels have enemies in them .
Most likely they were in the service of Celtic nobility .
Most live in Malta .
Most live their lives up in the canopy and the understory .
Most mackerel are from the Scombridae family .
Most magazines use a spring inside to push the ammunition into the gun .
Most marine invertebrates and many fish have a pelagic larval stage or pelagic eggs .
Most mathematicians today agree that both men share the credit equally .
Most medicines should be taken for 4 weeks after coming home .
Most members of the family prefer living in coastal or marshy areas .
Most men are bald but girls and woman are only bald if they loose their hair from a desise called Alipecia .
Most men are not allowed in there .
Most modern printers have those processors inside the printer .
Most molecular biological evidence supports the view that bats form a single or monophyletic group .
Most nations in the world did not recognize Manchukuo as a country .
Most natural gas is burnt directly to produce energy .
Most oak trees lose all of their leaves in autumn .
Most objects that are attracted to magnets have iron in them .
Most of Illinois saw a blizzard from the storm yet the Southeast saw an ice storm and heavy rain .
Most of Pennsylvaia saw heavy rain yet the Northwest saw an ice storm and even the far Northwest saw a blizzard .
Most of his 40 books are very large sagas .
Most of his inventions were never made .
Most of his later travels were related to his journalistic work .
Most of his movies have become very important in the Kannada film industry .
Most of his work has been in number theory .
Most of his work was about number theory and astronomy .
Most of its people are Tajiks .
Most of its population lives in the southern part of the province .
Most of species come from Africa and Australasia .
Most of the Cape York Peninsula is covered in grass and woodlands .
Most of the Cape York Peninsula is drier than New Guinea which stops the rainforest plants of that island from moving across to Australia .
Most of the Lapp people now live on small farms in one of the four nations of Lapland .
Most of the Pacific Ocean and the Indian Ocean are on the water hemisphere .
Most of the Tamil movies will have some songs and dances .
Most of the Tamil people are Hindus .
Most of the Tamil people of India live in the Indian state of Tamilnadu .
Most of the Zoroastrian clergy regarded his teaching as a heresy .
Most of the area of these hilly hamlets and villages is covered with trees .
Most of the army had been transferred to the Army of Northern Virginia to help in the defense of Richmond .
Most of the book is about scientists who traveled back to the 1400s to change European meetings with the Americas .
Most of the city is still there or is rebuilt by now .
Most of the commotion ended after Lennon personally removed the MAGICAL MYSTERY TOUR lettering from the sides of the bus .
Most of the county is part of the Crystal Coast .
Most of the early Greek philosophers from Thales on to Aristotle believed in some sort of pantheism .
Most of the executions of Jews at Jasenovac occurred prior to August 1942 .
Most of the games have something to do with jumping and defeating enemies .
Most of the gastropods of that era belong to primitive groups .
Most of the heavy industry has now been replaced by light and service industries .
Most of the island has been made into a national park .
Most of the land area of the island lies to the south and west of the lagoon .
Most of the land that was to become part of Stage One of Kakadu was given to the Kakadu Aboriginal Land Trust under the Land Rights Act in August 1978 .
Most of the main soprano roles in operas by Handel and other composers of that time were written for castrati .
Most of the ministers were from the von Papen and von Schleicher governments .
Most of the mountains are volcanoes .
Most of the numbers that people use in everyday life are rational .
Most of the patients he killed were old women .
Most of the people in Kaltag live by hunting and fishing .
Most of the people in Tanzania work in agriculture .
Most of the people in the municipality speak German .
Most of the people live in the southern part of the country .
Most of the people lives around the National District .
Most of the people lives in the south half of the province .
Most of the people living here work on agriculture .
Most of the people living in Pondicherry of India are also Tamil people .
Most of the people of Jamestown ended up dying .
Most of the people of Nagri Tutial are from the Tutial branch of the Dhond Abbasi tribe .
Most of the people of the village work in the building trades .
Most of the people speak German fluently .
Most of the people to first arrive were from Germany and because of this the Barossa Valley has lots of German heritage .
Most of the people used forest wood as fuel for daily use and also for home construction .
Most of the people who die from malaria are children .
Most of the people who live in Kaltag are native Americans .
Most of the pieces in the book are suites with basso continuo .
Most of the plays were comedies .
Most of the population are descendants of European settlers .
Most of the population is Roman Catholic .
Most of the province is in a valley along the Yaque del Norte and Mao rivers .
Most of the rain is is caused by monsoonal troughs formed over Southeast Asia .
Most of the remaining land is currently under claim by Aboriginal people .
Most of the routes in the suburbs use railway lines though .
Most of the schools in the area were closed after the American Civil War because there was not enough money .
Most of the species are found in southeast Asia .
Most of the texts are moral or satirical in nature .
Most of the time only new wallpaper has to be taken off with chemicals .
Most of their computers have a handwriting recognition function called Graffiti .
Most of their records were produced by Snuff Garrett .
Most of them accepted .
Most of them are native Dutch speakers .
Most of them are on the north and south sides .
Most of them are only available by region in some countries .
Most of them are small in size .
Most of them can be found in the state of Nevada .
Most of them can be found near the nostrils .
Most of them have fallen off the wall or have faded .
Most of them have their offices in Hollywood .
Most of them look like either earthworms or snakes .
Most of them took care of house and crops and raising children .
Most of them were civilians .
Most of them were killed .
Most of them were sent to Sephardic synagogues in Israel .
Most of these animals are birds .
Most of these are not well known .
Most of these combinations come from poker .
Most of these deaths could be stopped with medicine or with ways to stop mosquitoes .
Most of these rituals were established at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp .
Most of these trees are elm and cherry blossoms .
Most of this rain falls between November and April .
Most of what we know about Peter comes from the Bible .
Most of what we know about the details of extinct life comes from these exceptional sites .
Most often the term is used with computers .
Most often they are a tone of dark yellow to deep brown .
Most organic matter contains carbon .
Most other types of paints fit between these two .
Most pain starts when part of the body is hurt .
Most painters buy paint that is already mixed .
Most paintings are in caves that are difficult to access .
Most pantheists believe the universe is sacred and the earth and nature are divine .
Most parts of Karelia belong to Russia today .
Most parts of Karelia was part of Finland until Second World War .
Most people are familiar with the idea of a charging and discharging defibrillator for heart attacks .
Most people believe in the religion of Roman Catholicism brought to Maya by the conquistadores .
Most people believe the world was created in a flood .
Most people consider sweetness to be a pleasant taste .
Most people do these dances for fun .
Most people have the nationality of the country where they are born and grow up .
Most people hear terms like radiation and immediately think of it as a bad or dangerous thing .
Most people in Karnataka speak Kannada language .
Most people in Maharashtra are Hindus and you can see it in the culture of Maharashtra .
Most people in San Marino believe in Roman Catholicism .
Most people in the Indian state of Karnataka speak Kannada .
Most people in the area still call themselves Lutherans .
Most people speak the Arabic language .
Most people think that the Nation of Islam had a part in his murder .
Most people think they may have had a function for rituals .
Most people thought that Harry would lose .
Most people use granulated or liquid instant substitutes .
Most people use the palm of their hand for this activity .
Most people wear kimonos .
Most people who die from malaria have falciparum .
Most people who have not had depression do not completely understand its effects .
Most people who study Jung start with his book Man and His Symbols .
Most pitchers use two or more different pitches .
Most rabbis earn their title by studying Jewish law at a seminary or yeshiva .
Most race tracks are a closed loop .
Most railfans like to ride trains .
Most rain falls in autumn and spring .
Most rats are in the genus Rattus .
Most real programs use a combination of Task parallelism and Data parallelism .
Most real programs use a combination of data parallelism and task parallelism .
Most religions have sacred books that tell about their religion .
Most religions have sacred places that are important to their religion .
Most researchers tend to frown on tactical voting .
Most saffron is grown in a belt of land ranging from the Mediterranean in the west to Kashmir in the east .
Most scholars agree that the manuscript is a copy of a more ancient text .
Most scientists think of the rainforest in four layers .
Most small balloons are made for parties .
Most soft drinks have carbonated water as a base .
Most species also have a high rainfall requirement and will not tolerate drought .
Most species of Paranthropus had a brain about 40 percent of the size of modern man .
Most species of salamander have small teeth in both the upper and lower jaws .
Most tanks have a powerful gun and one or more machine guns .
Most temperate bamboos can be eaten without cooking if they are not too bitter .
Most types of tadpole eat only plants .
Most uniforms have different logos and colors to tell which team is which .
Most use tissue from other parts of the body of the patient .
Most variety is found in the rainforest areas .
Most washing machines are made so that you can put liquids or powders into the machine that will help make the clothes cleaner .
Most water turbines in use are reaction turbines .
Most watermelons are oblong or spherical .
Most weavers use a natural warp thread such as linen or cotton .
Most were for Robinson .
Most yaoi fans are female .
Mostly a captain is an older or more experienced player .
Mostly to justify the largely perceived illegal invasion .
Motor cars are a big danger to the birds .
Mount Agung is sacred to the Balinese people .
Mountains can be found throughout the Eyritania prefecture .
Moussa belonged to a group of intellectuals who wanted to simplify Arabic and its grammar .
Moussa was interested in many areas of science and culture .
Movement is done by the action of the spines .
Movement of a magnet back and forth in front of the electromagnet will make an electric current .
Movie star actress Angelina Jolie is known to have a yantra tattoo .
Moving electric charges produce magnetic fields .
Mr Weasley has never used a telephone or a computer .
Mr Weasley works for the Department of Magic .
Mr. Matsushiro Horiguchi spoke as the special guest .
Mr. Naved Bajwa Prisedent Distt .
Mr. Van Vliet is also a well known painter of abstract primitive art .
Mr. Weasley tells Mrs. Weasley of Siruis Blacks motive to kill Harry .
Mrs. Nixon also arranged for a series of performances by artists at the White House .
Mrs. Robb said that she and her sister Luci Johnson Nugent still read to their mother and talk to her .
Much cheaper are softwoods like pine .
Much of England was covered by oak forests before modern farming took over the land .
Much of it is now in the Tasman National Park .
Much of it was also romanticized and not always historically accurate .
Much of the architecture in the city dates back to its days as a global center for the trade of cotton .
Much of the area is irrigated .
Much of the cave art is of animals .
Much of the genome of Rattus norvegicus has been sequenced .
Much of the iron ore that was taken from mines in the Upper Peninsula was loaded onto ships in Marquette .
Much of the journey was over rough mountain country with many rivers to get across .
Much of the mountains are located within the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area .
Much of the old taxonomy is being abandoned .
Much of the rocket was designed by German engineer and scientist Wernher von Braun .
Much of the teaching of these groups is secret .
Much of the wildlife is threatened by introduced species and weeds .
Much of this discrimination comes from homophobia .
Much of this is still standing .
Much saffron had to be imported by Venetian and Genoan ships from southern and Mediterranean lands such as Rhodes .
Much violence in Bangui came after the March 1981 elections .
Muck was one of the first conductors to be internationally famous for traveling about conducting orchestras in many parts of the world .
Mugen is wandering aimlessly through the city when he walks upon a teahouse where he meets Jin and Fuu .
Muhammad had preached the religion of Islam in Mecca from 613 to 622 .
Mulisch was born in Haarlem and lived in Amsterdam from 1958 until the end of his life .
Mummery was one of those players .
Municipal districts are similar to municipalities but they depend on a municipality .
Municipalities Leusden and Amersfoort neighbor Barneveld to the west .
Munroe Bight to the north of Cape Pillar is named after the American ship James Munroe wrecked there in 1850 .
Muscles in the pelvic region are used in order to reel the tongue and the hyoid back to its original position .
Musetta gets the bill to be paid by Alcindoro .
Musetta has brought Mimi back with her to the attic room .
Music Champ .
Music critics say Copland taught Americans about themselves through his music .
Music from later periods is different .
Music students learn which chords sound nice after one another .
Music was a big part of her life when she was young .
Musicians still argue about which version ought to be played .
Musicians think of the Baroque period as starting around 1600 .
Musicians wanted a smaller instrument that weighed less .
Muslim .
Muslim scholars collected all of these Hadith in books and compared them to each other .
Muslim scholars were against his teachings .
Muslims are required to make a pilgrimage once in a lifetime to the Kaaba .
Muslims believe it is a reflection of a heavenly house primarily built by Adam .
Muslims have their own schooling system .
Muslims must make the Hajj at least once in a lifetime if they can afford it .
Mussolini was killed by Italian citizens in 1945 and the Republican Fascist Party was dissolved and banned .
My Heart Beats For Love
My gordimsya toboy !
Mysterio pinned Angle and won the World Heavyweight Title .
Mythological weapons are weapons found in various mythologies .
N !
N.C. State University is also in Raleigh .
NASA has its own launch pads for its spacecraft .
NASA used the laptop when it performed its shuttle program back in 1980s .
NASCAR runs most of its races on oval tracks .
NBC agreed to support The Nat King Cole Show for a while .
NEWCO had spoken to the VGR in advance and agree a method of working together .
NFL player Ray Lewis was born in Bartow .
NGA was founded in 1921 as an art section of the State museum .
NGC Asia has eight different channels feeds .
NO. 2
NO. 3
NTU receives funding mainly from the Government through the Ministry of Education .
NU stands for Naresuan University .
NXEC Trains Ltd is a subsidiary of National Express Group .
Nabarleks are small kangaroos .
Nabringhen is a commune .
Nabta Playa was once a large basin in the Nubian Desert .
Nachos are a snack food made with tortilla chips and cheese .
Nada Surf is an American alternative rock band from New York .
Nadezhda had invited Tchaikovsky to stay at her home .
Nadezhda thought her husband could earn a lot of money building railways .
Nadezhda took over his business matters .
Nadezhda wanted her husband to be rich .
Nadezhda went into exile with Osip .
Nadia scored six perfect scores in Canada .
Nadsat is a slang language .
Naf River is a river in Myanmar .
Nagaland is a northeastern state in the Republic of India .
Nagamaki is a Japanese pole weapon with a large and heavy blade .
Nagar Khas is the main town and the capital of the former state of Nagar .
Nagar was an independent principality for 1200 years .
Nagar was famous for its polo team .
Nagarkutch fought bravely but was defeated due to lack of weapons .
Nagasaki Prefecture is part of the island of Kyushu in Japan .
Nagasaki was the only city which was allowed to trade with other countries during the national isolation .
Nagchu County contains the capital of Nagqu .
Nagios is a popular open source computer system and network monitoring application software .
Nagios is free software licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2 as published by the Free Software Foundation .
Nagoya is one of the largest cities in Japan .
Nagri Tutial a famous and beautiful village in Pakistan .
Naiad is not a sphere and probably has not been changed by any internal geological processes after its formation .
Naiad or Neptune III is the closest moon to Neptune named after the Naiads of Greek legend .
Nails also grow one nanometer per second .
Naini Lake has too low a level of oxygen in the bottom layer to sustain fish .
Nainital is a town in the Indian state of Uttarakhand and headquarters of Nainital district in the Kumaon foothills of the outer Himalayas .
Nairobi National Park is the smallest park in Kenya .
Nairobi is the capital and largest city of Kenya .
Nairobi is the fourth largest city in Africa .
Naismith invented the sport of basketball in 1891 .
Naismith is also a member of the Sigma Phi Epsilon Fraternity .
Naismith lived with his grandmother and his uncle for many years .
Naismith soon found that a soft lobbing throw was often much better than a straight hard throw in this game .
Naismith was 78 years old .
Naismith was employed as chapel director and physical education instructor .
Naismith was guided by three main thoughts .
Naismith won many Wicksteed medals for outstanding gymnastics performances .
Naismith wrote the original basketball rulebook and started the University of Kansas basketball program .
Nakajima also retired at Bahrain .
Nakajima finished tenth in the race .
Nakajima finished the season without scoring a single point .
Nakajima hoped that by joining Toyota he would shield himself against any claims that his father had promoted his career .
Nakajima is the son of the retired Formula One driver Satoru Nakajima .
Nakajima moved to the Formula Three Euroseries in 2006 .
Nakajima raced in the GP2 series in 2007 for the DAMS team .
Nakajima scored again at the British Grand Prix .
Nakajima scored two points at Monaco .
Nakajima was retained by Williams for the season .
Nakamura has two brothers named Mako and Yoshi and a sister named Kimi .
Nakamura was drafted out of the University of Cincinnati by the Baltimore Ravens with the 206th pick in the sixth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .
Nakhodka is a port on the Japan Sea .
Nakhodka is still an important international port .
Nalliers is a commune .
Naloxone is used in emergency cases of overdose .
Naltar Pass is a mountain pass to the north of Shani Peak in Naltar Valley in Pakistan .
Naltrexone is an opioid receptor antagonist .
Nam had a bad career after this .
Nam silu dayot nasha vernost Otchizne .
Nam was a very good skater as a child .
Namal Dam is situated some 32 km from Mianwali city .
Namaste is a greeting used a lot in many East Asian countries .
Namco Limited is an amusement company .
Namco Museum Remix is a Wii video game .
Name awareness
Name changes
Name origins
Named winds .
Names can be shortened e.g. Isabelle can become Izzy or Belle .
Names of people change when they marry and divorce .
Namibia has a population of 2.1 million people .
Namibia national football team is the national football team of Namibia .
Namli Maira is mainly a mountainous rural area .
Nampa is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Nanaimo is located on Vancouver Island and is the second largest city on Vancouver Island .
Nancy Cartwright is the voice of Bart .
Nancy Drew is a fictional character .
Nancy Kerrigan is an American silver medalist and figure skater .
Nancy Reagan took close interest in the affairs of the White House .
Nancy Sinatra is an American singer .
Nancy is a city in the east of France in Lorraine .
Nancy shot again four video clips for this Album .
Nanjing Municipality is divided into 11 districts and 2 counties .
Nanotechnology is defined as the study of structures between 1 nanometer and 100 nanometers in size .
Nanotechnology tries to make materials or machines of that size .
Nanotubes might be useful in nanotechnology .
Nantes is a city in France on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean .
Nantua is a commune .
Naoko Mori is a Japanese actress .
Naomi Nari Nam is a very graceful and flexible skater .
Nap can also mean a felt cloth .
Napakiak is a city in Alaska .
Napalm Death are a heavy metal band from Birmingham England .
Napalm became one of the preferred weapons of the Korean War .
Napalm bombs were also used in the Vietnam War to clear landing zones for helicopters .
Napalm bombs were first used in the Pacific Theatre during the Battle of Tinian by Marine aviator .
Napalm is actually the thickener in such liquids .
Napalm is made to burn at a specific rate and stick to materials .
Napalm is the name for a number of flammable liquids that have been used in warfare .
Napalm is usually a mixture of gasoline with suitable thickening agents .
Napalm provided a far cheaper alternative .
Napaskiak is a city in Alaska .
Naperville is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Naphthalene is toxic .
Naphthalene may also cause cancer .
Naples became independent later and but was combined with the Kingdom of Sicily during the Middle Ages .
Naples is a city of Florida in the United States .
Naples is a southern Italian city with a port .
Naples was part of this Kingdom of Spain for over 300 years .
Napoleon Dynamite is a comedy movie made in 2004 by John Hess and starring Jon Heder .
Napoleon I was defeated .
Napoleon and Deb live a happy life together .
Napoleon and Kip are left to stay with their uncle Rico .
Napoleon captured Berlin before the Russians could help .
Napoleon dances in a skit at the announcing of the president for Pedro .
Napoleon decided on a further gamble .
Napoleon died there in 1821 .
Napoleon is a character in the book Animal Farm .
Napoleon is an ordinary school kid who gets bullied .
Napoleon is the only Berkshire boar on Manor Farm .
Napoleon is very selfish and only cares about his own good .
Napoleon lives with his brother Kip and their grandmother .
Napoleon meets a girl named Deb who he begins to like .
Napoleon seemed unstoppable until two separate campaigns caused his empire to fall apart .
Napoleon staged a French invasion of Russia in 1812 just when the United States and England started the War of 1812 .
Napoleon was crowned as Emperor of France in 1804 .
Napoleon was forced to abdicate .
Napoleon was later exiled to Elba and was nearly assassinated .
Nappanee is a city of Indiana in the United States .
Narain drove for the PSV team in SFL in 2010 .
Narcolepsy is a disorder .
Narcolepsy is a neurological condition .
Naresuan University is the sources of acknowledgement and we support pupils to be the good people in Thai society .
Narita is the major international airport in the Tokyo area .
Narrative poems can be short or long .
Narrative poetry is a type of poetry that tells a story .
Narses asked for peace .
Naruto is a weekly cartoon and has not ended even to this day .
Naruto is the main protagonist and titular character of the series .
Narwhals live in the icy waters of the Arctic seas .
Nash County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Nash County is part of the regional Upper Coastal Plain Council of Governments .
Nash was featured on the Top of the Pops Christmas special on 25 December 2007 .
Nash will probably release her books under a false name .
Nashik is around 180km away from Mumbai .
Nashua is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Nashville is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Nashville is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Nashville is the capital city of the U.S. state of Tennessee .
Naslund promised he would be much better next year .
Naslund was now a superstar and in 2004 he reached career highs and the NHL gave him the Lester B. Pearson award .
Naslund was still quite young at that time .
Nason is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Nassau County is a county in the state of Florida .
Nassau County is a suburban county in the New York Metropolitan area east of New York City in the U.S. state of New York .
Nassau County is part of the Greater Jacksonville Metropolitan area .
Nassau County was created in 1824 .
Nassau is located on New Providence Island .
Nassau is the largest city and the capital of the Bahamas .
Nasser is seen as one of the most important political figures in modern Arab history and politics .
Nassogne is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg .
Nat King Cole also acted in movies .
Nat King Cole was married two times .
Nat recorded hundreds of songs .
Naters is a municipality of the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Nathia Gali also has a church which was constructed during the time of British Government .
Nathia Gali has a mini bazaar .
Nathia Gali has been declared a wildlife sanctuary by the Government .
National Express East Anglia is a train operating company and brand name of London Eastern Railway Ltd in the United Kingdom .
National Fuel Gas Co. is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol NFG .
National Gallery of Armenia is one of the biggest museums of the Republic .
National League President Ford Frick and Baseball Commissioner Happy Chandler said that any striking players would be suspended .
National Rail is a title used by the Association of Train Operating Companies .
National Romanticism was based much on the ideal of uncorrupt folk .
National interest is ideal and not always easy to find .
National parks are often made to protect the animals that live inside them or the land inside them .
Nationalism had important role in ending the colonial rule .
Nationalism is an ideology that says that every ethnic group of humans should be free to rule itself .
Nationalism is still usually connected to goals that resist strong hierarchy between social classes inside society .
Nationalism is the opposite of imperialism .
Nationalism spread to colonies and made their people to desire independence .
Nationalists think that such hierarchy is bad .
Nationalists think that the best way to make this happen is for every ethnic group to have its own nation or society that they can rule without being controlled or oppressed by anybody else .
Nationalists think that the world is better with lots of cultural diversity .
Nationalization is when a business is owned and run by the government .
Native Esperanto speakers are people who learned Esperanto as one of their first languages .
Native medicine is of the simplest .
Native people lived in what is now Canada for thousands of years before the first Europeans arrived .
Native plants and animals are to be looked after and other plants and animals removed if they harm the natural wildlife .
Natron can be used to dry and preserve fish and meat .
Natron is white or without color when it is pure .
Natron was also a cleanser for the teeth and an early mouthwash .
Nattages is a commune .
Natto can be made into a donburi by adding natto and other items like tuna or egg to rice inside a bowl .
Natto is also a very slimy food .
Natto is known for its strong smell and taste .
Natto may be bought in stores in Styrofoam boxes .
Natural Steps is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Natural gas is a mixture .
Natural gas is also used to make many plastic products .
Natural gas is often found in the ground together with petroleum .
Natural hair color can be given only by genes .
Natural numbers got its name because they are found naturally in nature .
Natural resources are certain materials Earth produces .
Natural resources are very important to a human lifestyle .
Natural sea salt has little parts and pieces of other minerals besides sodium chloride .
Natural selection is the process where organisms with favourable traits are more likely to reproduce .
Natural units are ways of measuring things that depend on some basic characteristics of nature that do not change .
Naturalist is short for natural historian .
Naturalists developed some theoretical ideas which were valuable .
Naturalists find new species and classify plants and animals .
Naturality is an important part of the Rastafari way of life .
Naturalization is when a person changes his or her nationality .
Nature is often seen by humans as natural resources .
Nature refers to all things which are not human or made by them .
Nature seems to have turned into a mess now that Duncan is dead .
Nauroy is a commune .
Nauru is a small island in the Pacific Ocean .
Nauru is the smallest republic in the world .
Nausea is often caused by a stomach virus .
Nautilus is the only living members of the subclass Nautiloidea .
Nautilus pompilius is the largest species in the genus .
Nautiluses are sexually dimorphic and reproduce by laying eggs .
Nautiluses are the only cephalopods whose bony structure of the body is externalized as a shell .
Nauvay is a commune .
Nauvoo is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Navarre is a region in northern Spain .
Navassa Island is three square miles in area .
Navbahor Namangan is a football club which plays in Uzbekistan .
Naveed is the debut studio album by Canadian rock Our Lady Peace .
Navigation can also be used to talk about traffic .
Navigation is how ships or aircraft find their way from one place to another .
Navigator means more than one thing .
Navratilova was her doubles partner for a while in early 2005 .
Navy blue or navy is a dark shade of the color blue .
Nazarene is a word used to describe Jesus .
Nazi Germany is the informal name given to Germany between 1933 and 1945 .
Nazi Germany was taken over by the four nations .
Nazimiye is a district of Tunceli provience in Turkey .
Nazism is a form of fascism .
Nazism was a political movement in Germany .
Nc3 d6 7 .
Near Karditsa is the city of Trikala .
Near Visp there is a large plant of aluminium manufacturing .
Nearby is Grouse Mountain which has excellent skiing .
Nearby the Tomb there is a park that has strong lights that show the tomb with lights in the night .
Nearly 1100mm of rain fall each year on the area .
Nearly 2.4 million people live in this area .
Nearly 22 thousand readers of Standards online edition from more than 10 countries around the world took part in the poll .
Nearly 400 people were living in Calamus as of 2000 .
Nearly 60.000 people live there .
Nearly 72 million to 80 million babies were born in the United States of America during this time .
Nearly 9 million Canadians live near Lake Ontario .
Nearly all are seasoned with a combination of herbs and spices in addition to salt .
Nearly all the fighting afterward took place on land in France .
Nearly all the flavor of matcha comes from the amino acids .
Nearly everybody and everything are ominous of good or evil to the Kavirondo .
Nearly everyone is catholic .
Nearly half of the land in Tibet is in this area .
Nebraska got a blizzard from the storm .
Neil McDonald is the manager .
Neither has been known to be involved in politics .
Neither of the two describes God as appearing in three modes .
Nelson had put his ships into two lines .
Neo was once a comedian .
Nepal is a country in South Asia .
Nephritis is an autoimmune destruction of the kidney .
Neruda started to write poetry as a young boy but his father wanted him to study mathematics so he could become a teacher .
Neruda was also an avid collector of all sorts of things .
Nerves in that part send messages to the brain .
Netural and Mohawk Native Canadians of the Six Nations were the first people to live in this area .
Network for two more seasons before cancellation in 2006 .
Networks of public and private railways cover almost all of the country .
Neuer has played for the youth teams of Schalke 04 since he was five years old .
Neurosurgeons use an MRI scan not only in defining brain anatomy but in evaluating the integrity of the spinal cord after trauma .
Never before was industrialisation so visible in war .
Never had it made 13 .
Nevis is responsible for its own internal affairs .
New Amsterdam was considered an official city on 3 February 1653 .
New Guinea is perhaps the most linguistically diverse region in the world .
New Troy is now a ghost town .
New York City has one of the biggest parades .
New York Jets quarterback Brett Favre is on the cover .
New buds appear on the branches of trees when Winter ends .
New materials are possible with nano size structures .
New research shows that the events happened at an hotel on the other side of the river .
New shoots will grow for some time from the base of an established plant .
New streets were made parallel to the two original streets .
New tactics and weapons make this an important battle in the history of warfare because the English used longbows to win against French knights .
New teeth are always growing in the back .
New ways need to be found for these people to live on the rain forest land without destroying it .
Newcastle United and Manchester United both made offers to Everton for him .
Newer parts of the city can be found farther south of the river valley .
Newer processors often copy all of its instructions .
Newhouser won his in 1944 and 1945 .
News came that Brutus and Cassius were assembling an army in order to march on Rome .
News coverage of the race was worldwide .
News of the peace treaty did not reach the US until after the battle in New Orleans in January 1815 .
News of young Mohajirs who fought on behalf of the Turkish Caliphate and later for the Red Army during the Russian Civil War was also beginning to reach India .
Newspaper reports say that she had been asked by Secretary General of the United Nations Kofi Annan to become a public campaigner
Newspapers .
Newspapers and police in London around this time started to get taunting letters .
Next a singer beat the drum and a dancer danced time to the drum beat .
Next bigger cities are Hildburghausen and Coburg .
Next bigger cities are Sonneberg and Coburg .
Next to this tower is the museum with an exposition about Carl Heinrich Graun and his brothers .
Nf3 Nc6 3 .
Nf3 g6 8 .
Ngata was drafted out of the University of Oregon by the Baltimore Ravens with the 12th pick in the first round of the 2006 NFL Draft .
Ngata was selected for the 2010 and 2011 pro bowls .
Nicholas is said to have distributed his fortune among the poor .
Nick Carter is the elder brother of singer Aaron Carter .
Nick together with AJ McLean and Howie Dorough was recruited by Lou Pearlman in his forming group .
Nicolaes Tulp believed that cancer was a poison that slowly spreads .
Niebuhr was the son of a Hanoverian farmer .
Nielsen always said how important his simple village background was for his music .
Nielsen suffered for several years from heart trouble .
Nijinsky also choreographed ballets .
Nijinsky created a sensation in the role of the Wind God Vayou .
Nikolai Rubinstein was the conductor .
Nile crocodiles are found in great abundance on the flats .
Nintendo released it in North America on 11 June 2001 and for Europe on 22 June 2001 .
Nintendo removed many things from the English version of EarthBound .
Nishizawa had worked for Sejima before .
Njdeh was very much against communism .
No Aboriginal people are known to have worked in the mines but their access to alcohol and other drugs had a huge impact .
No Aboriginal people were employed at any of these mines .
No exact time of origin is known though .
No firm timescales or details of the structure have yet been released .
No forms of sexual activity took place inside of harems .
No future player on any major league team can wear it .
No games were made specifically for the SP .
No general algorithm can answer the question of if two lambda calculus expressions are equivalent .
No life forms are known from this eon .
No of people are settled in IT profession from this small village .
No one else can make rules for that nation .
No one else has had this protection as long as her .
No one else will help him .
No one except her family and two closest friends know Miley and Hannah Montana are the same person .
No one is sure about the exact origins of the Tamil people .
No one knows how saffron arrived in South Asia .
No one knows what color the dinosaurs were .
No one knows which stories are true and which stories are made up .
No one lives there .
No one saw Princip .
No other cellist had such an influence on cello playing in the 20th century .
No other natural environment on earth is as rich in oxygen .
No public buses travel southwards to the main resort areas in Frigate Bay and the South East Peninsula .
No royal had undertaken such a big tour before .
No senator voted against her .
No substitution cipher is really safe .
No such case is known .
No system of measurement is ever perfect .
No uses for darmstadtium are known .
No uses for lawrencium are known .
No. 1 was returned to its manufacturer where a set of trailing wheels was added to reduce the rear overhang .
Nobel Prize in Economics winner Ludwig von Mises said that a market economy is still a market economy even if the government joins in in pricing .
Nobody knows for sure why the whales do this .
Nobody knows who Jack the Ripper really was .
Nobody lives on the island except for about 200 people with the military .
Noel Gallagher wants to be a solo artist .
Noland and Nanini also left the band in 1983 .
Non renewable resources can not be recycled .
None could .
None of the Norman domestic buildings now remain .
None of the people in the picture can see him .
None of the singles made the Top 40 .
None of their three children lived very long and his wife died in 1837 which made him very sad during his last years .
None of us were really shocked .
Nor will we proceed with force against him except by the lawful judgement of his equals or by the law of the land .
Normal faults occur mainly in areas where the crust is being extended .
Normal government activities stopped .
Normally they can not easily borrow money again for years .
Normally we burn coke at high temperature with not enough oxygen .
North Korea wanted to bring Communism into South Korea .
North and south are directed towards the north and south poles of the Earth .
North of the city lie rolling hills .
Norwich City F.C. played at Newmarket Road from 1902 to 1908 .
Norwood was signed to Elektra Records in 1995 and recorded his debut album Everything You Want the next year .
Not all manors were held by laymen lords who rendered military service or paid cash to their superior .
Not all of the drivers were complimentary .
Not all paper is made from wood .
Not all relics are bodies .
Not all scientists agreed with him .
Not all tachi were the standard size .
Not all the land is flat prairie .
Not all the meanings of each word are allowed .
Not all the painters who were working during the Mannerist period painted in the Mannerist style .
Not all types of electromagnetic radiation are carcinogenic .
Not even the healthiest and largest oak have enough energy to produce a lot of them two years in succession .
Not everybody agrees with evolutionary reasons behind the Paleoithic diet .
Not everyone has to observe Ramadan .
Not far to the north is the western end of the Karakoram mountains .
Not limited to humans or vertebrates .
Not much is known about him .
Not much is known about the living amoebae because they can not be cultured in the laboratory .
Not much more can be said until more remains are discovered .
Not offering oneself as a volunteer was a sign of cowardice and dishonor .
Not to be confused with Dartmouth College .
Not to be confused with principal .
Not used in primary education .
Not very many people live there .
Not washing hands before cooking or touching food is risky .
Notable buildings in Malabo include Malabo Cathedral and the Malabo Court Building .
Note that Pan is now the name of a moon of Saturn .
Note that lactose intolerance is not the same as Milk allergy .
Note though that stations which serve mainline and underground or DLR are listed here .
Noted below are few words about the eighteen sections of the Mahabharata .
Nothing could be further from the truth .
Nothing was allowed to be changed in any way .
Noticeable is the preeminent role of France in the introduction of new innovative uses of waterpower .
Nourlangie is located in an outlying formation of the Arnhem Land Escarpment .
Novak wrote that he spent more than 40 years collecting documents and books to write his book .
November 7 is the Day of the Railroader in Mexico .
Now Facebook is a site that is available for everyone and is free and simple to use .
Now Jane would be the next in line to the throne if the rights of the princesses Mary and Elizabeth were ignored .
Now Kabuki actors often perform for foreign audiences .
Now Whitehall has government buildings on it .
Now a company called International Paper owns it .
Now fewer than 100 kakapos still live in New Zealand .
Now from preserve association of Manzai was succeed and revive .
Now he is assistance coach of the Austrian U21 team and analyst for the pay TV group SKY .
Now he leads the resistance .
Now he plays for FC Schalke 04 .
Now he was going to blow up the union center with cannons and move across three quarters of a mile across open ground .
Now he works on television .
Now it is a museum .
Now it is not because of political development in the region as well as the development of modern trade .
Now it is thought that he simply rearranged an earlier work .
Now it uses variety of data sources .
Now most data is kept on computer files .
Now people all over the world learn Karate .
Now small balloons are made from a thin and stretchy material like rubber or plastic .
Now the collection of the NGA includes about 26.000 museum exhibits and the building has 56 exposition halls in which there are presented the museums treasures by temporary and permanent exhibitions .
Now the giants are happy .
Now the light colored moths were obvious against the dark bark .
Now the men play both male and a female roles .
Now the park is mostly a theme park .
Now the region is divided between Pakistan and India .
Now there are many types of salamis made in some countries .
Now there are only 4 teams left .
Now there are only 8 teams left .
Now there are some cloth factories in Esperanza .
Now there is a huge number of Nubians are immigrating back to their mother land .
Now they are mostly used for electric power generation .
Now we know that they are not seas .
Nowadays catapults are used to study old weapons or try using them for experience .
Nowadays it is generally viewed as a symbol of the Devil .
Nowadays many cities and towns around the world celebrate Carnival for a week or more .
Nowadays principal problem for Italian citizens is prohibition to buy houses versus Italian people not resident in Croatia .
Nowadays some of them are packed with styrofoam .
Nowadays there are all sorts of different carnivals .
Nuclei which change like this are called radioactive or unstable .
Nudibranchs with smooth or warty backs have no visible gill mechanisms and respiration may take place directly through the skin .
Number of parts of a name
Number of this forest marsupial have dropped because they have tried to eat the introduced poisonous cane toads .
Numbers from the Union forces wore down Lee and his army .
Numbers were first added to uniforms by the Cleveland Indians in 1916 .
Numerous solo recordings have followed .
Nunzio is currently wrestling with the National Wrestling Alliance .
Oahu can be seen in hundreds of movies and TV shows .
Oahu was perhaps the first of the Hawaiian Islands which the crew of HMS Resolution saw on 18 January 1778 .
Oak Forest is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Oak Grove is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Oak Hill is a city of Florida in the United States .
Oak is a climax vegetation in much of the Northern Hemisphere .
Oak trees can live up to 1000 years .
Oak trees can start producing acorns when they are 20 years old .
Oak trees grow in many parts of Europe and North America .
Oak trees produce acorns once a year which ripen in Autumn .
Oakbrook Terrace is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Oakhurst is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Oakland Acres is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Oakland City is a city of Indiana in the United States .
Oakland Park is a city of Florida in the United States .
Oakland Tribune is estimated February 21 1874 and today its owned by MediaNews Group .
Oakland is a city in California .
Oakland is a city of Florida in the United States .
Oakland is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Oakland is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Oakland is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Oakland was a unlikely city to have a professional American football team .
Oakley is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Oakville is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Oakwood is a London Underground station on the Piccadilly Line .
Oars generally are fastened to the vessel .
Oars have a flat blade at one end .
Oases provide a habitat for animals and are used as a source of water for humans .
Oasis were an English rock band .
Oat straw is used as bedding for animals .
Oatmeal is a meal made of oats .
Oatmeal is made from oats .
Oatmeal stout is one of many beers using some oats .
Oats are also sometimes used in drinks .
Oats are grown all over temperate places .
Oats are like rye .
Oats have many uses in food .
Oaxaca is the name of one of the States in Mexico .
Obama has a half sister who is a teacher in Hawaii .
Obama has been married to Michelle Obama since 1992 .
Obama later ran for the U.S. Senate .
Obama promised his daughters that the family would get a dog if he was elected President .
Obama won the 2008 United States presidential election on November 4 .
Obama won the presidential election of 2008 .
Objects inserted into the vagina or anus should be clean and should not be able to scratch or break .
Obrecht composed extremely quickly .
Obrecht was influenced by the music of Busnois and Ockeghem .
Observations suggest significant variation in the jet angle from between 2 and 20 degrees .
Occasionally Germans would award the hatrickees with 3 medals to signify their loss .
Occasionally her tendency to exaggerate and glamorize the facts gets her into trouble .
Occasionally it is performed as a concert piece .
Oceans would probably have formed as soon as the temperature allowed .
Odna ty na svete !
Odysseus stayed with her for seven years .
Of course Raphael wanted to see what the famous master was doing .
Of major concern is a lack of jobs and housing .
Of these 40 are are found are only found here .
Officials are very important because without them the game would not run as smoothly if the game did not have these people .
Officials think that having very clean areas of water and sea will encourage tourists to vistit the county .
Often a machine will convert one form of energy to another form of energy .
Often catapults were set on higher ground or on castle towers to let them shoot farther .
Often it is jellied gasoline .
Often railway and road transport will be used .
Often the banyan tree is formed from several different fruits which germinated on the same host tree .
Often the beginnings of these surnames are difficult to know for sure because their cultures have common origins and a lot of influence on each other .
Often the farm buildings were within these walls as well .
Often the left lung is much smaller than the right one .
Often the pleasure is of a sexual kind .
Often these plans have a bad ending .
Often they are decorated with frosting or marzipan made to look like carrots .
Often they will only grow in open patches where a big tree has fallen down .
Often this is done when it is seen cheaper to subsidize private tuition than make a whole new school when a private one already exists .
Often this is the first letter of each word .
Often what they express is membership of a particular group .
Ohako means skillful things .
Oil and gas has been found below the sea around the islands .
Oil drillers use a lot of xanthan gum to make drilling mud thicker .
Oil is mainly found in Algeria .
Oil was found in the early 20th century and brought modern improvements to the country .
Oklahoma was hit by a blizzard and icestorm on the south part pf the storm on February 1st .
Olajuwon traveled all the way from his home country of Nigeria to play basketball in the United States .
Old Eastbournians Will Green and Mark Lock once won the Premiership with the London Wasps .
Old canteens were mostly made of metal but newer ones can be made of plastic .
Old people ans children were also killed .
Old schools of handling katana swords still exist .
Old tanks are often used for other uses like carrying soldiers or bridges .
Old trees can spread out laterally using these prop roots to cover a wide area .
Old turbine runners may have a significant amount of stainless steel added this way by the end of their lifetime .
Older hand axes were produced by direct percussion with a stone hammer and can be distinguished by their thickness and a sinuous border .
Older people sat round the sides and watched the younger people dance .
Older racquets were made out of wood .
Oldest documentation of Aarhus is from 951 .
Oldham was part of Cheshire until the 1970s .
Olimpia left him after one and a half years because Cafiero in his crises was violent with her .
Olive oil is an especially healthy fat .
Olympic champion in ice hockey with team Canada in Vancouver 2010 .
Olympic gold medalist Jim Thorpe also briefly played for the team .
On 11 September 1646 Odoardo died .
On 15 April 1612 JP Robert Holden began investigations in his own area of Samlesbury .
On 15 January 1904 Casals was invited to play at the White House for President Theodore Roosevelt .
On 16 April the Russians and Poles attacked the Seelow Heights .
On 19 August 2006 he played his first match in the Bundesliga .
On 19 July Mary became queen .
On 1st January 2010 the former municipality of Ittenthal merged into the municipality of Kaisten .
On 2 July 1982 he flew very high in the sky in a homemade aircraft .
On 2 July 2009 cycling fans Kraftwerk performed at the Manchester Velodrome as part of the 2009 Manchester International Festival .
On 20 April 2008 a Brazilian Roman Catholic priest Adelir Antonio de Carli flew using a chair and 1000 helium balloons .
On 22 May 1611 King James I set up the present hereditary Order of Baronets in England .
On 23 May 1979 Carstens was elected as President of the Federal Republic of Germany .
On 26 January 2011 it was confirmed that di Resta will join Adrian Sutil at the Force India team for the season .
On 29 September 1839 Carcoar became the third town west of the Blue Mountains .
On 3 November 2008 a work by Malevich entitled Suprematist Composition from 1916 set the world record for any Russian work of art and any work sold at auction for that year .
On 4 August 1946 there was a tsunami that destroyed the city of Matanzas and Villa Julia Molina became the main city of the region .
On 5 April 2009 he took over from Anders Fogh Rasmussen as Prime Minister after Fogh Rasmussen was elected Secretary General of NATO .
On 7 November it was confirmed by Williams that Nakajima would partner Rosberg at the Williams team for the season .
On 7 September he recorded the 50th win of his road racing career in a sprint finish in the opening stage of the Tour of Missouri .
On July 5 2001 Mrs Kohl was found dead in her home in Ludwigshafen .
On June 11 she released her first EP on her new label WOW Music .
On June 30 2005 Batista was moved back to SmackDown !
On Metacritic the game has an average score of 94 out of 100 .
On RAW he won a chance to challenge Sheamus for the WWE Title at Summerslam .
On Ruppert Coast of Marie Byrd Land is the Russian station Russkaya .
On Sundays it gives an extra called Radikal2 .
On a piano it is possible to play louder or quieter by playing the keys with more or less force .
On a planet this is called atmospheric pressure .
On a starry night he massacred the Marsi and ravaged their villages with fire and sword .
On a weather map warm fronts are shown as red lines with red semicircles pointing in the direction that the front is moving .
On either side of the Cross stand the Virgin Mary and Saint John .
On its western bank is located the famous town of Shahdara with the tomb of Jahangir and the Tomb of Noor Jahan .
On of 2 June 2010 Israel had decided to release over 600 of the detained activists .
On one occasion she refused to perform with Martin as he had a cold .
On one occasion they met one another by accident .
On one side there are beautiful Baroque paintings .
On reservoirs of Kalmykia nest about 130 kinds of birds and more than 50 kinds meet during seasonal migrations .
On the 13th May 2009 funding was secured for phase 3b .
On the December 1st episode of RAW he made a alliance with Cody Rhodes Ted DiBiase and Manu called Legacy He began 2009 off with winning the 2009 Royal Rumble .
On the January 11th episode of RAW he won a Triple Threat Match with the help of Rhodes and DiBiase to get a Title shot at the Royal Rumble .
On the July 23rd RAW it was announced that Orton would face Cena in a title match at Summerslam .
On the east side is located the Culture Square with entertainment on weekend nights .
On the floor I am more at ease .
On the fore wing it has white spots on both surfaces of the wings .
On the inside of the hand is the palm .
On the islands of the Mediterranean Sea there are a few subspecies of garden dormouse .
On the north wall of the antechamber is the stairway that goes down to the burial chamber .
On the other hand it brought the Leakeys and Dr. Melville Bell Grosvenor of the National Geographic Society together .
On the other hand people think they were introduced to Madeira following its discovery in c. 1420 and spread widely in Europe in the 16th century .
On the other hand there are mailing lists people subscribe to .
On the other hand there are the Western traditions of Christianity which mainly represented by the Roman Catholic Church .
On the other side is a special material that can record the image that comes through the aperture .
On the other side of the Charles River is the city of Boston .
On the other two sides are agricultural areas .
On the sides of the nasal cavity are three horizontal outgrowths called turbinates .
On the third day he rose according to the Scriptures .
On the verge of the 19th and 20th centuries Balvi grew into the center of a large estate and the rural region center .
On the way there he had to go over mountains and through terrible deserts .
On the west is the Bay of Biscay .
On trees you might find them eating moss or fungi .
On weekdays there are three services .
Once a boy was castrated he would go to a special music school where children learned singing and musical instruments .
Once in the cell calcium ions activates many proteins to do specific things .
Once they became written down they were called the Mishnah .
Once they have found a fish nearby they rush with a burst of speed to the gill cavity and attaches itself with its spines .
One Maltese Lira consisted of 100 cents .
One at the bottom and one at the top .
One by one the Beatles lost interest .
One can access it by a 900 foot paved corridor that leads from the Great Plaza .
One can assign a rank to a taxon and can place at a particular level in a systematic hierarchy depending on their evolutionary relationships .
One can be seen in the photo taken near Randa village .
One can not be comfortable with data that have not passed the scrutiny of peer review ...
One can not expect them to fit into a state that requires order and discipline .
One can see references to vegetarianism in her writing .
One challenge in vaccine development is economic .
One choice for a standard of length is the Bohr radius .
One cup of barley should be boiled in six pints of water and simmered for three hours .
One cup wheat dalia or one slice of whole meal bread with a little butter .
One day Napoleon meets Pedro .
One day a small robot is made by accident .
One day he asks if she had any such experience .
One day he went fishing when he should have been at choir practice .
One even speaks of a prairie dog warren .
One example is Castle Oliver in Ireland .
One example is ddeokbokki .
One example is the Penrose graphical notation which is used to show tensors .
One example is the increase in amount of surface area for the volume inside it .
One example may be Easter .
One example of a dish with soya beans in it is tofu .
One example of a particle accelerator is the Large Hadron Collider at CERN .
One example of capillary action is that inside a drinking straw left in a cup of water .
One example of this is how there are many theories that predict undiscovered particles .
One final memory shows Voldemort trying to apply for a job at Hogwarts .
One form from western Australia may reach 268 mm in diameter .
One great way to think of a capacitor is as a rubber membrane separating a pipe with water .
One group is the Baseball Writers Association of America .
One hard problem in treating cancer is that most things that kill cancer also kill normal cells .
One idea is that we do not really understand gravity as well as we think we do .
One important part of his life is baseball .
One interesting twist is the Sambia tribe of New Guinea .
One is called felsic magma .
One is for girls and the other is for boys .
One is in Tokyo and the other is in Kyoto .
One is the family name and the other is the given name .
One kind of air plant is a flower called an orchid .
One kind of ant is the army ant .
One laser weapon is already being used on a U.S. airplane .
One letter seems to have been written by a poor workman and it was addressed to a captain in the army .
One light is attached to each helmet .
One magazine is Time magazine .
One millimetre of measured precipitation is the equivalent of one litre of rainfall per metre squared .
One more charge occurred that day .
One more section is called Harvamsha .
One must show that the theory is true in all cases .
One of Town Union Council name is Union Council Bangyal Abdad .
One of her favorite recognitions is a golden statuette from the Art Olympiad in Los Angeles in 1997 .
One of her ideas on the Supreme Court was the Endorsement test .
One of his best known books about life at sea was The Sea Wolf .
One of his daughters was anorexic .
One of his favorite poets was Kenneth Koch .
One of his forebears had been burned by the Inquisition for secretly continuing to practice Judaism .
One of his most popular works is called Invitation to the Dance .
One of his sons Ali Qazi is today an active member in the kurdish movement .
One of the advantages of Manchester code is that the DC component of the signal carries no information .
One of the central concepts of particle physics is called the Standard Model .
One of the dangers of using hashish is that a person is often less capable than when sober .
One of the earliest forms of fixed railway signal is the semaphore .
One of the excellent things about this painting is the way that Raphael has painted the building in which the figures are standing .
One of the first bastides built was Montauban .
One of the first churches to be built in Moldavia was built by the Greek adventurer Prince Ioan Iacob Heraclid .
One of the first people to live in this young town was Joseph B. Sartell .
One of the frescoes in the Stanza della Segnatura is of the greatest importance .
One of the games Black Isle Studios made was Fallout 2 .
One of the gravel traps runs underneath the West grandstand .
One of the important parts of Bahraini culture is the drinking of traditional Arabian coffee .
One of the instruments was the cello .
One of the islands in the group is named after Cornish explorer Samuel Wallis .
One of the judges of the Salem Witch Trials was named John Hathorne .
One of the judges who did not get his commission was William Marbury .
One of the kings of Ulster who was the high king of Ireland at the time had a beautiful cover made out of gold and gems to preserve the bell .
One of the largest festivals in Australia used to take place here every April .
One of the largest private libraries in Europe is inside the castle .
One of the maids was able to escape and tell the neighbors what was happening .
One of the main differences from Knoppix was the support of hard disk installation .
One of the main quality of the people of Karak is that they are highly educated .
One of the major industries is cotton milling .
One of the many awards he received was the Pulitzer Prize .
One of the most famous Japanese samurai women was Itagaki .
One of the most famous Japanese women warriors was Itagaki .
One of the most famous Mannerist painters was El Greco who worked in Spain .
One of the most famous characteristics of Hanbok is its vivid colors and straight and curved lines .
One of the most famous cultural values in Daejeon is Yuseong Hot Spring .
One of the most famous street course is Circuit de Monaco .
One of the most important books of this tradition is The Jewel Ornament of Liberation which was written by Gampopa .
One of the most recent sites built in Madrid are the KIO Towers .
One of the most spread is the supposition that naginata evolved from a farming tool used for chopping .
One of the most widely known ways to measure time by natural cycles is by using atomic clocks .
One of the officers decides not to fire and so the US government replaces all the men in the missile silos with computer control .
One of the oldest masks found is the Death Mask .
One of the oldest psychiatric hospitals of India was located there .
One of the oldest universities in the world is Sankore University in Timbuktu .
One of the prizes is the use of a beautiful cello which was owned by Casals .
One of the reasons being her young age when she became the First Lady .
One of the reasons large trees have so many parasites is that they may have lived a long time in a particular area compared with other types of plant .
One of the richest men in Florence was Cosimo Medici who liked to spend money on works of art .
One of the simplest is that it would make learning about radians easier .
One of the songs is called Cassowary .
One of the theories is that she had the gun ports open to fire at the French .
One of the things that makes this painting different from most other paintings of the same time is that the angels are shown from the back .
One of the things that the frequency of masturbation depends on are hormones .
One of their most famous songs is Misery Business .
One of their spies told them that she was there .
One of them goes through the province from north to south and gets to Pedernales after crossing the Sierra de Bahoruco by the coast .
One of them is in a chapel of the Cathedral .
One of them is not open if hockey is played .
One of them says joke jokes and mix mistake in the talking .
One of them was a long poem in Maithili language .
One of them was the hit musical Lute Song .
One of these inventors was a man named Leo Fender in the United States .
One of these new geometries is now called elliptic geometry .
One of these nuns was Katherine von Bora .
One of these people was the singer Stevie Wonder .
One of those 35 was Sally .
One option is therefore to provide this enzyme using special drugs .
One or two players regularly form a side on beach courts divided by a net like beach tennis .
One organization is the Human Rights Campaign or HRC .
One other process takes CO2 out of the air .
One part of Salic law that stayed very important was inheritance for kings .
One part of the castle is said to be haunted .
One person was able to escape and tell the police .
One player by team can be the commander who issues instructions on his team .
One production of the musical starred former Monkees Micky Dolenz and Davy Jones .
One reason that people join gangs is a chance to make money through doing things like selling illegal drugs or stealing .
One record had cover art by artist Peter Max .
One section of the circuit uses a 140 metre long swing bridge .
One section of the track passes over the other on a bridge .
One sign of esophageal candidiasis is painful swallowing .
One soldier claimed they were as big as cats his name was Harry Patch .
One solution to the problem is to use synchronization .
One special visit was from the American entertainer Buffalo Bill .
One spin is called a day and one orbit around the Sun is called a year .
One statistical property one could calculate is the expected percentage of the time the creature will eat cheese over a long period .
One study reported a significantly higher rate of masturbation in gay men and women who were in a relationship .
One such fish is called Omul .
One such owner was William McConnel of Lancashire .
One such program was the Foster Grandparent Program .
One supporter was the novelist Harriet Martineau whose circle of acquaintances included Charles Darwin .
One theory about where this superstition came from is that the play deals with witchcraft .
One type consists of one very large male and an average of 15 females .
One type of English variation used is rhyming slang .
One type of navigation was made by the Polynesians and is called Polynesian Navigation .
One type of plant in the rainforest does not need soil .
One type of proof is called proof by induction .
One type of train was named after various English public schools .
One was a 1990 Grammy Award for lifetime achievement .
One was about the life of a famous gunfighter called Billy the Kid .
One was built in 1999 and the other one was built in the late 1990s .
One way cells accomplish apoptosis by taking in toxic levels of calcium ions .
One way grows wasabi in water .
One way is in the form of shifting electrical and magnetic fields .
One way of proving a mathematical theorem is called proof by induction .
One way to anyone coul tell if they were in the old East Berlin or in West Berlin was by lokking at the traffic lights .
One way to imagine elliptic geometry is by thinking of the surface of a globe .
One way to make these characters easy to recognize was to make some of their features bigger or smaller .
One year later she agreed to become the first Labor candidate for the presidency and the first woman candidate in what was only the second presidential election to be contested by three candidates since 1945 .
Ones that are on display in museums are used to make dioramas and for educational purposes .
Onett was reused in Super Smash Bros. .
Only 35 women were accepted .
Only Daedalus knew the course of the labyrinth .
Only a few animals are found deep in caves .
Only a few are left .
Only a few atoms of it were made .
Only a few hanja characters are unique to Korea .
Only a few leaves even have a vascular cambium .
Only a samurai was allowed to have a katana .
Only a small amount of cloth is still made in the city and the trade has mainly stopped .
Only a very small number of them survive in the wild and grow to be adult crocodiles .
Only about half of the total area is considered productive .
Only about ten to fifteen percent of all production is for export .
Only after Nordic countries became more multicultural their politics became more rightist .
Only boys can go to this school .
Only four of her novels were printed while she was alive .
Only four survive today .
Only he knew his hidden name so only he could use the powers .
Only humans can read the spells and cause the Mamodo to do a certain action .
Only men were accepted until 1681 .
Only narrow straits of a few 100 km at most would have blocked landbound dispersal of the Gastornis ancestors .
Only on September 20 1870 the Italian troops invaded and beat the Papal troops .
Only one Indian state has more people .
Only one person holds the title at any one time .
Only one person walked away from the accident without injuries .
Only one player can bat at a time .
Only one tab can be active at a time .
Only recently was it definitively proved to be an accurate theoretical analysis .
Only small rivers flow into the lake .
Only some days a year are people allowed to fish for salmon in it .
Only some members of the royal family do not have a family name .
Only some times they can get honey to eat .
Only students in grades nine and ten get written marks for their work .
Only the Marina Bay Extension will be opened in 2012 .
Only the female wasps can sting .
Only the foundations of this historical site remain .
Only the hollow space inside the banyan remains .
Only the membrane and the compressor box come in touch with the gas being compressed .
Only the most difficult convicts were sent to the Tasman Peninsula prison known as Port Arthur .
Only the skull is known .
Only those Christian denominations that have bishops have cathedrals .
Only three of the original clauses in Magna Carta are still law today .
Only three people could escape from the massacre in Aloda .
Only two Carcharodontosaurus remains have been found .
Only very rarely is her name anglicized as Margaret II .
Only with the modern development of scientific microbiology have humans been able to rationalize these taboos .
Opening a center depends on the weather conditions and theformula at that center .
Opera was being invented .
Operas were performed for soldiers who had been hurt in the fighting .
Operational art in the first generation did not exist as an idea although it was practiced .
Opposing mainstream music is the music of subcultures .
Opposite Rio is Antirio and it ends by the bridge .
Opposite Samos is the west coasts of Turkey .
Opposition to using vaccines has existed since the earliest time .
Or does it belong to and arise from the exhibitions and developments which the divine Being has made of himself to his creatures ?
Or it can be because the person looking in the microscope did not know what Plasmodium look like .
Or they do not stay in shelters because they do not like the rules or have personality problems with a staff person .
Oral candidiasis is a yeast infection of the mouth .
Oral tradition says that the first settlement was in Anakena .
Orange County is named after this orange because of its popularity .
Orange means the color of braveness and goodness .
Oranges were grown in many parts of California .
Organisations in the United Kingdom .
Organisms need to keep calcium ion levels very well controlled .
Organized hockey started at age twelve and Lewicki joined the Bantam Elks .
Orgasm is a very pleasurable feeling which results in semen being ejaculated from the penis .
Original mother wavelet has parameters and .
Original people of Karelia are Karelians .
Originally his name was Calixte Paquet .
Originally it came from Sassanid Persia .
Originally nationalism was found together with socialism .
Orlando is 75 minutes to the southeast while Daytona Beach is about 90 minutes to the east .
Orton and Edge fought to a double countout at Over the Limit .
Orton asked Mysterio to put his title shot on the line in a match at No Way Out .
Orton debuted in a 2002 edition of Smackdown against Hardcore Holly .
Orton intententionally got himself disqualifed thus retained the title .
Orton lost to Cena at Summerslam .
Orton lost when Edge speared him .
Orton preformed the RKO on Micheals and pinned him to defend the title .
Orton responded by attacking them .
Orton was chosen to face Jack Swagger for the World Heavyweight Title in a Extreme Rules match at the Extreme Rules ppv .
Orton was supposed to face Batista for a spot in the fatal 4 way match for the WWE Title at Fatal 4 Way PPV but Batista quit and Orton was automaticlly qualified .
Orton won at No Way Out therefore getting him the title shot .
Oscar Moore played the guitar and Wesley Prince played the bass .
Oscar worked with a team of doctors to get healthy again .
Osip Mandelstam was released but arrested again in 1938 .
Ostrich and emu eggs are bigger .
Ot yuzhnykh morey do polyarnogo kraya Raskinulis nashi lesa i polya .
Other American artists sought her advice .
Other Armenians were also brought to the colony but they returned back to Europe .
Other Colombian variations also exist .
Other Early Christian Basilicas were built in Greece and the Holy Land .
Other Indian languages include Malayalam and Hindi .
Other Tulsan musicians Jimmy Karstein and Tommy Crook also were members of this group .
Other acronyms found online are simply common shorthand .
Other animals attach natural materials to their body for concealment .
Other animals including squirrels or jays will either split the shell completely in half or make a jagged hole in it .
Other bacteria such as Stichococcus also contribute tints .
Other barium compounds have several other uses .
Other big cities are Riyadh and Jeddah and Dammam .
Other chemicals for vector control had not been invented yet .
Other close by islands outside the Palm group include Rattlesnake Island and Magnetic Island .
Other common opponents were Haskell Indian Nations University and William Jewell College .
Other companies have also made games for it .
Other composers did not copy his style .
Other content generally not suitable includes various levels of violence or the use of illegal drugs .
Other countries build dams to generate electricity using hydroelectric turbine generators .
Other countries that allow them sometimes have a different name for them .
Other countries which use the Harrier include Thailand and India .
Other cruelties and crimes committed during a war usually do not count as war crimes .
Other dances need a whole group of people together to make it work .
Other game shows have celebrities such as movie actors or musicians as the contestants .
Other groups include phytoplankton which produce the toxic algal blooms .
Other heuristics are listed at cache algorithm . .
Other important places is the ancient town which is located in south of island and the contemporary beautiful villages of Samos .
Other industries in Kansas include aviation and communications .
Other islands have also been called the Spice Islands .
Other kinds of fiber can be used also .
Other knots are best for tying ropes together .
Other larger cities in Manitoba include Steinbach and Brandon .
Other leaders of civil rights movement helped Randolph plan the march and spread the word to their members .
Other main cities are Jabalpur and Ujjain .
Other major teams have withdrawn from relationships with tobacco companies .
Other male sex glands push out at the same time .
Other mathematicians also contributed to make the law better .
Other meanings are at Valence
Other metal products and chemicals are produced around Visp and Sierre .
Other methods included dousing saffron fibers with viscid substances like honey or vegetable oil .
Other murders were reported around the same time but were not believed to be the work of Jack the Ripper .
Other paints are mixed with oils or chemicals of different sorts .
Other parliaments have copied the UK and are a lot like it .
Other people dance to feel better .
Other people do not like it .
Other people enjoy the hobby of painting small objects such as model planes or soldiers .
Other people lived there before around 650 AD .
Other people may be connected with the helping system .
Other people wanted to do those kinds of things with Kerouac .
Other people were afraid that the Persians would use saffron as a drug and aphrodisiac .
Other people were given the death penalty .
Other performers hosted successful variety shows through the years .
Other pieces of music have now been proved not to be by Bach .
Other programming languages are compiled to or interpreted as .
Other radio stations are run independent and supported by local communities .
Other religions are not allowed to practice .
Other rivers are Nibaje and Gurabito but they are very small and tributaries of the Yaque del Norte .
Other rivers are very short and they are tributaries of the Dajabon or the Artibonite rivers .
Other rivers like the Murray and Murrumbidgee have never stopped flowing .
Other rules are the same of pallapugno .
Other ruminants like deer also do this .
Other significant sights in Patras are the church of Agios Antreas and the Apollon theater .
Other singers began to include Hank Williams songs in their repertoire .
Other skaters had been effected by the age rule .
Other small tourism centres such as Cooinda and South Alligator provide limited facilities .
Other soldiers knew that too and wanted to get out .
Other taxes are based on how much a person buys .
Other theories contend that it comes from one of three Munsi words .
Other things like black holes also give off radio waves and radio telescopes are useful for learning about them too .
Other things often used include rags .
Other things that stopped Bald Eagles from producing well was the loss of habitat and illegal hunting of Bald Eagles .
Other things that the frequency of masturbation depend on are sexual habits .
Other things to see in Bangui include Boganda Museum and Bokassa Palace .
Other towns include Florida and Nuevitas .
Other tunes are also played for the dances .
Other types of Satanist do worship Satan .
Other variations may contain only chickpeas .
Other villages are Kialapain and Basara .
Other waxes may be manufactured .
Other ways that goods can be moved are pipeline transport and by using smaller ships on rivers .
Other works done by Ratatat are single albums and remixes of other musicians .
Other works include Figures of Earth .
Other writers for Wrestling Observer are Todd Martin and Vince Verhei .
Others are good only as long as the environment stays the same .
Others are known only by the ordinal numbers .
Others are used for irrigation .
Others can live off the life energy of people .
Others could easily buy these if needed .
Others could not really make sense of him .
Others demand that it should be given the status of a province .
Others disagree with this .
Others feel the end justifies the means .
Others have thought that Tresca was eliminated by the NKVD because of the criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union .
Others in the party did not like the way that Turnbull managed the arguments within his party .
Others involved with MIA were also intimidated .
Others live in Vanaheimr .
Others look like they are standing on top of people or animals .
Others may have been there before him .
Others may live in rainforests .
Others prefer to sing bass roles .
Others said the Nazis themselves had done it to come to power .
Others say he died right side up .
Others thought it was brilliant .
Ottawa and Gatineau comprise a single Census Metropolitan Area .
Ottawa is the capital of Canada .
Ottoman rulers were known primarily by the title of Sultan and used the title of Caliph only sporadically .
Our Sun is located on the lower main sequence and is predicted to last between 10 and 12 billion years .
Our bodies and plants need manganese to work right .
Our devotion to our Fatherland gives us strength .
Out of the 49 tanks that should have been there only 32 arrived .
Outdoor walls can be made with stronger and more reinforced materials such as steel or reinforced concrete .
Outer lines of defense were built enclosing the old castle .
Outside the hall the police had to help him get to his car because so many people were crowding round him .
Over 10 cities have over a million people in them .
Over 100 letters addressed to Cassandra from Jane are still kept .
Over 2 million people came and marched to the White House .
Over 200 million copies of Mario games have been sold .
Over 400 churches and several thousands all over the world are named after Nicholas of Myra .
Over 44 million people watch this parade on television each year .
Over 700 of the inmates are said to have lost their lives before the camps were closed and the remaining inmates transferred to Germany in 1944 .
Over 700 of the inmates lost their lives before the camps were closed and the remaining inmates transferred to Germany in 1944 .
Over a million people lived in the area at one point .
Over emotionalism can be the result of too much pathos .
Over fifty percent of its customers paid to see the fight .
Over his head hung branches of trees filled with fruit .
Over the centuries it changed into the Holy Roman Empire and modern Germany .
Over the next 10 years he was put in prison seven times .
Over the next 30 years they had nine children .
Over the next few years more events were added and the festival was extended to two days .
Over the remainder of the season the team rarely saw the finish of a race due to unreliability and racing accidents .
Over the years she has sold 140 million albums and 230 million records .
Over three million people went to the festival .
Over time this process allows organisms to adapt to their environment .
Overhead camera footage showed Cavendish failing to negotiate a corner after entering too fast and turning too late .
Owners brush their cats to try to prevent a lot of hairballs .
Owning stock in a compnay is owing a part of the company .
Ox is the usual word for working cattle .
Oxen are cattle trained as work animals .
Oxen are most often used in teams of two for light work such as plowing .
Oxen must be trained from a young age .
Oxidation smells like hay and affects color and texture .
Ozone absorbs ultraviolet radiation from the Sun .
P. falciparum is the most dangerous type of malaria .
P. vivax and P. falciparum cause the most malaria in people .
P. vivax and P. ovale both stay in the liver a long time .
P. vivax and P. ovale can live in the liver for a long time .
PS Wasnt good enough to post this before I got all the red ink off my hands curse it No luck yet .
Paa hazarensis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family .
Paa sternosignata is a species of frog in the Ranidae family .
Paa vicina is a species of frog in the Ranidae family .
Paars is a commune .
Pablo Honey is an album by the band Radiohead .
Pachayati Raj a system of decentralisation in India giving power to local people .
Pachycephalosaurus was a genus of ornithischian dinosaur which lived during the last five million years of the Upper Cretaceous .
Pachycephalosaurus was a member of the Pachycephalosaurid family .
Pachyrhinosaurus had many small horns on the middle of its frill .
Pacific Grove is located between Point Pinos and Monterey .
Pacific Islands are islands that are in the Pacific Ocean .
Pacific Junction is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Pacifism has been encouraged in the first days of people as a whole .
Pacifism is when someone does not think war or violence is a good way to stop a fight or to get ahead of someone .
PackageKit was made by Richard Hughes .
Packaged egg whites or egg substitutes contain xanthan gum to replace the fat and emulsifiers found in egg yolks .
Packrats are common in the deserts and highlands of the western United States and northern Mexico .
Packwood is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Padded cells are made in special ways so that those having the crisis can not hurt themselves .
Padded cells have been used for a long time in psychiatry .
Padding is a term used in cryptography .
Paderborn has got a very big cathedral .
Padmasambhava is the person who brought Buddhism to Tibet in the 8th century .
Paducah is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Pagani is an Italian Supercar manufacturer .
Pages about individuals who held the position should not be included .
Pages that uses deprecated parameters in are listed here .
Pages were treated well .
Pahang is a state in Malaysia that is located on the eastern part of Peninsular Malaysia .
Pahokee is a city of Florida in the United States and in Palm Beach County .
Pahokee is located on the shore of Lake Okeechobee .
Paillet is a commune .
Paimpol is a commune .
Pain can also happen when there is no underlying injury or cause .
Pain can be acute or chronic .
Pain can happen just because the nerves do not work right .
Pain is a symptom of being hurt or sick .
Pain is not just the message the nerve sends to the brain .
Paint brushes are use by painters of all sorts .
Paint is made from a colored pigment which is usually a powder .
Paint is used to decorate all sorts of objects .
Paint is used to protect all sorts of buildings and structures from the effects of water and sun .
Paint must be allowed to dry .
Painters make paintings on the walls of temples .
Painting is using colors to make art .
Paintings are pictures that are done in paint .
Paintsville is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Pair production usually happens with energy levels over 25 MeV .
Paissy is a commune .
Pak Singhar is a town and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan .
Pakdasht County is a county of the Tehran Province in Iran .
Pakistan .
Pakistan and India share the major export market of Mangoes .
Pakistan became independent in 1947 from the Indian empire of British Raj .
Pakistan has many high mountain peaks .
Pakistan has the seventh largest army in the world .
Pakistan has the sixth largest population in the world and is the second largest Muslim country after Indonesia .
Pakistan is a member of the Commonwealth .
Pakistan national football team is the national football team of Pakistan .
Pakistan refused to vacate the occupied areas .
Pakistan supported Tunisia on the issue of her complete control on Bazerta and declared it an integral part of Tunisia .
Pakistani Kashmiris sent its troops inside the disputed territory of Kashmir to occupy military posts vacated in the winter .
Pakistani architecture includes various structures built during different time periods .
Pakistani mythology here means the myths and sacred narratives of the culturally and linguistically related group of ancient peoples who inhabited the ancient Pakistan and its borderlands .
Pakistani rock is a form of rock music from Pakistan .
Pakistani rock music has become massively popular among people in the country .
Pakpattan city is an old city .
Palagnedra is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Palak is the gateway into Abbottabad District .
Palatine has a lot of schools for the people .
Palatine has many different kinds of people .
Palatine is a village in the state of Illinois .
Palatka is a city of Florida in the United States .
Palau has a tropical climate all year round .
Palau national football team is the national football team of Palau .
Palembang was also one of hosts of the 2007 AFC Asian Cup .
Paleobiology combines biology with the study of these fossils .
Palestine is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Palestine national football team is the national football team of Palestine .
Palestinians and Israelis are discussing creating a Palestinian country most likely to be named Palestine .
Palgong Mountain is located to the north of Daegu .
Pali is an old language .
Pali is used in religious services by Theravada Buddhists .
Pali is usually called a dead language .
Palikir is the capital city of the Federated States of Micronesia .
Paliseul is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg .
Palla eh !
Palla prigioniera is Italian name of prisoner ball .
Palladium get ideas from a wide range of music .
Palladium has similar chemistry to platinum .
Palladium is a chemical element .
Palladium is an English Pop Rock band formed in September 2006 .
Pallamuro is Italian name of American handball .
Pallene is a small moon of Saturn .
Pallene is about 4 km in diameter .
Pallone is played on courts marked out on town streets .
Pallonetto or pallonetto ligure al lungo is generally played on the urban streets with tennis balls without covering felt .
Palluau is a commune .
Palluel is a commune .
Palm Bay is a city of Florida in the United States .
Palm Beach County is the largest county in Florida .
Palm Beach County was made in 1909 .
Palm Cockatoos are intelligent and can be kept as pets .
Palm Springs is a city of Florida in the United States .
Palm Sunday is a Christian festival day .
Palmdale is the largest city in the United States without a hospital .
Palmdale is the largest city in the desert area of California .
Palmer is a city in Alaska .
Palmer is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Palmetto is a city of Florida in the United States .
Palmyra Atoll is an island in the North Pacific Ocean .
Palo is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Palos Heights is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Palos Hills is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Palpatine battled Yoda in a duel which would decide the fate of the Galaxy .
Palpatine is believed to be the true villain of the Star Wars films because he was the one who caused Anakin Skywalker to join the Dark Side of the Force .
Pamela Weston was born in London .
Pamphlets are also very important in marketing as they are cheap to produce and can be distributed easily to customers .
Pan is a moon of Saturn .
Pan was named after the Greek god Pan on 16 September 1991 .
Pana is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Panabaker is the older sister of child actress Kay .
Panabaker is the younger sister of actress Danielle .
Panama City Beach is a city of Florida in the United States .
Panama City is the capital of Panama .
Panama is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Panama is a country in Central America .
Panama is between the Caribbean Sea and the Pacific Ocean .
Panama national football team is the national football team of Panama .
Pancakes are also served at restaurants and diners .
Pancreatic cancer is cancer affecting the pancreas .
Pandemic Studios was a video game developer that was started in 1998 .
Pandita did not quickly receive Christ .
Pandora has many craters in its surface .
Pandora is a moon of Saturn .
Pandora would incarnate the fertility of the Earth and its capacity to bear grain and fruits for the benefit of the Humans .
Panentheism is the belief that the universe is part of God .
Pangaea split in the Jurassic into Laurasia and Gondwana to the south .
Pangaea was the global supercontinent which formed in the Palaeozoic era .
Pangea was the latest of a series of global supercontinents .
Pangolins curl up when they feel scared so that their soft belly is hidden from attack .
Pangrams are sentences that have one or more of every letter in an alphabet .
Panic !
Panic attacks also affect people differently .
Pankow is the borough where the main East German government buildings were built .
Panmah Glacier is a glacier in the Northern Areas of Pakistan .
Panon is a commune .
Panora is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Panorama Park is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Panpsychism is opposed to materialism or any doctrine that argues that the reality of the universe is composed solely of matter .
Panpsychism is the theory that everything in the universe is somehow sentient or conscious .
Panpsychists believe that all matter in the universe has some degree of consciousness .
Pansexual people are part of the LGBT community .
Pansexual people are people attracted to people without considering their gender .
Pansexuality is different from bisexuality .
Pansori is a professional art which requires sorikkun to have a high level of singing skill .
Pansori represents voluntariness and impromptu which are the characteristics of Korean traditional music .
Pantalera or pallapugno alla pantalera is generally played on the urban streets .
Pantheism is an important part of many eastern religions such as Hinduism and Taoism .
Pantheists are some times called nature worshipers .
Panthera is a genus of the family Felidae .
Panties are a kind of underwear .
Papa Roach is a American hard rock band .
Papa Smurf has got a red hat .
Papa Smurf is the patriarch of smurfland .
Papaveraceae is a family of flowering plants .
Paper can also be made from the fiber and from unused fruits .
Paper can be used for cleaning .
Paper can be used to wrap gifts .
Paper is normally made from wood pulp .
Paper is often used for money .
Paper is produced in large factories called paper mills .
Paper is used for writing and printing .
Paper production was a large contributor to the rise of the commune and was the main industry for a long period of time .
Paperback book covers can bend and be folded .
Papilioninae is a subfamily of butterflies .
Papleux is a commune .
Paprika is a spice made from the grinding of dried sweet red bell peppers .
Papua New Guinea is a country near Indonesia and Australia .
Papua New Guinea national football team is the national football team of Papua New Guinea .
Papyrus is a kind of paper that the Ancient Egyptians used for writing .
Parables attributed to Jesus are also found in other documents apart from the Bible .
Paracelsus thought it could be used in the treatment of seizures .
Paracetamol is considered safe for use .
Parachutes can malfunction in several ways .
Parachutes have got a lot of air resistance which means what ever is inside is safe and secure .
Paradisaeidae is a family of the Passeri suborder .
Paradise Island is a hot spot for filming movies .
Paradise Island is an island in the Bahamas .
Paradiso is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Paradox can never be removed from any symbol system that makes claims about itself .
Paraffin wax was identified by Carl Reichenbach in 1830 .
Paragould is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Paragraphs are often made up of many sentences .
Paragraphs help separate ideas and let the audience know when you change partial topics .
Paraguay became independent from Spain in 1811 .
Paraguay national football team is the national football team of Paraguay .
Paraguay was a colony of Spain .
Parakeets are a type of true parrot .
Parallel is a term in geometry and in everyday life that refers to a property of lines or planes .
Paralysis often includes loss of feeling in the affected area .
Paramaribo is the capital city of Suriname .
Paramecium is a ciliate genus .
Paramedics usually get to an emergency in an ambulance .
Paramore also has released an EP called The Summer Tic EP .
Paramount Parks was an operator of theme parks and attractions .
Paramount Pictures had been an early supporter of television .
Paramount Pictures is an American motion picture production and distribution company .
Paramount is one of the Big Ten movie studios
Paramount is owned by media conglomerate Viacom .
Paramount is the last major film studio located in Hollywood .
Paranasal sinuses are parts of the nasal cavity .
Paranthropus aethiopicus is an extinct species of hominid .
Paranthropus boisei was discovered by Mary Leakey in July 1959 at the site of Olduvai Gorge in Tanzania .
Paranthropus did not behave in the same was than Homo .
Paranthropus first appeared roughly 2.7 million years ago .
Paranthropus is an extinct genus of robust australopithecines .
Paranthropus is thought to have lived in wooded areas rather than the grasslands of the Australopithecus .
Paranthropus robustus was originally discovered in Southern Africa in 1938 .
Paranthropus was more massively built as to skull and teeth .
Paraphilia is a word used in sociology and medicine .
Paraphyly is a term in cladistics .
Parapsychology is the study of psychic phenomona .
Parasites can be most useful in sorting out the phylogenetic relationships of their hosts .
Parasites face an environment which varies in time and space .
Parasites of larger animals account for much research done for veterinarian and medical purposes .
Parasitic plants like Rafflesia are not green .
Parasitic wasps are increasingly used in agricultural pest control as they prey mostly on pest insects and have little impact on crops .
Parasitism is a form of symbiosis .
Parasomias are sleep disorders that interrupt sleep .
Paratroopers are soldiers trained in parachuting and generally operate as part of an airborne force .
Parchment is a thin material made from animal skin .
Parcieux is a commune .
Pardubice is a city in the Czech Republic .
Parempuyre is a commune .
Parennes is a commune .
Parents may not give their children vaccines .
Parenty is a commune .
Parfondru is a commune .
Pargnan is a commune .
Parides belongs in the family Papilionidae .
Parides is a genus of butterflies .
Parintins is a Brazilian city of the state of Amazonas .
Paris Green is extremely toxic .
Paris Green was first used to kill rats in sewers in Paris .
Paris Hilton has appeared in a few movies .
Paris Hilton is known for television shows the Simple Life and The Simple Life 2 .
Paris Hilton was born in New York City .
Paris Tramway Line 1 is one of the tram lines in Paris .
Paris has a strong agricultural background with many farms circling the center core of the town .
Paris has many art museums and historical buildings .
Paris has much to offer for sightseeing .
Paris is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Paris is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Paris is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Paris is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Paris is a town located at the forks of the Grand and Nith river in southwestern Ontario .
Paris is the oldest of four children .
Paris killed Achilles by shooting his heel with a poisoned arrow .
Paris made her own album which is called Paris .
Parish clergy had low morale .
Park City is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Park City is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Park Hills is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Park Lake is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Park Management has been searching for a solution .
Park Management is directed by the Kakadu Board of Management .
Park Ridge is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Parker Brothers is a toy and game manufacturer and brand .
Parker is a city of Florida in the United States .
Parker is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Parker studied drama at the North Carolina School of the Arts .
Parkersburg is a city of Butler County in the state of Iowa in the United States .
Parkes Regional Airport would be made much bigger .
Parkes has a dry climate .
Parkes has a local bus service run by Western Road Liners .
Parkes has had an important role in science .
Parkes is on the main Australian transcontinental railway line between Sydney and Perth .
Parkes railway station is situated on the Broken Hill railway line .
Parkes was an important transport center after the railway was built in 1893 .
Parkes was started as a settlement in 1853 .
Parking a vehicle means stopping and leaving it somewhere .
Parkland is a city of Florida in the United States .
Parkway Village is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Parliament Hill is set of buildings in Ottawa that is where the Government of Canada meets and members of parliament make laws .
Parliament developed from the early medieval councils of bishops and earls that advised the sovereigns of England .
Parliament met in the city hall .
Parliament saw that William would have no more children .
Parliament was a funk and soul group from the United States .
Parliamentary permanent secretaries and state ministers are not members of the Federal Government but do help them in their job .
Parliamentary procedure is a set of rules for meetings .
Parliamentary systems usually have a head of government and a head of state .
Parma F.C. is a football club which plays in Italy .
Parma grew tremendously after World War II when the young families began moving from Cleveland to the suburbs and during the Cold War Parma kept Nike missles in underground silos .
Parma is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio in the Cuyahoga County .
Parma is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Parnassiinae is a subfamily of butterflies .
Parnell is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Parnitha is a mountain of Greece .
Parodies can be anything from songs to poems to books to movies .
Parodies make fun of another piece of art by mocking it .
Paros is a Greek island which belongs in Cyclades group .
Parpeville is a commune .
Parramatta sits on the bank of the Parramatta River and is in the middle of the Sydney metropolitan area .
Parrot is also a general term for all birds of the order Psittaciformes .
Parrots are birds of the order Psittaciformes .
Parsley is a fresh flavored bright green herb .
Part of Cardiff is built on marshland .
Part of Lake George is also in Marion County .
Part of its pit lane exit runs underneath the track .
Part of the book deals with human sexual behavior .
Part of the pitch eventually collapsed .
Part of the pond still exists near the youth hostel .
Part of the reason for dropping San Marino was there was another grand prix held in Italy .
Parthenogenesis is a term in biology .
Parthian casualties were minimal .
Parthians were excellent horsemen and archers .
Partial differential equations are a kind of math .
Participants talk openly with onlookers while masturbating to share techniques and describe their pleasure .
Particle accelerators often use very advanced technology .
Particle physics is a category of physics that studies really tiny particles .
Particles are tiny bits of matter that make up everything in the universe .
Particles carry fundamental forces .
Partnership ceremonies are performed by a marriage registrar in exactly the same manner as a secular civil marriage .
Partridges are smaller than Pheasants but they are bigger than Quails .
Partridges can not fly very well and they do not migrate .
Partridges use their camouflage to make it difficult for predators to see them and their nests .
Parts of Manchuria were annexed by the Russian Empire so they are now ruled by Russia .
Parts of it were composed in 1724 .
Party In The U.S.A. is a popular song by pop music artist Miley Cyrus .
Party could also mean a Political party .
Parvati found a head of an elephant .
Parvati is a word in the Sanskrit language that means daughter of the mountain .
Parvati is considered to be a mother goddess by many people .
Parvati was very proud of her son Ganesha .
Parves is a commune .
Pasadena is a city in California .
Pasadena was settled by Tongva Indians and Mexican ranchers before California became a state .
Pasargadae was the first capital of the Persian Empire .
Pasargade remained the Persian capital unti Darius I built the Persepolis .
Pascal Duquenne is a Belgian actor .
Pascal began his producing career making silent movies in Italy for German distribution through UFA Studios in Berlin .
Pascal famously insisted on importing sand from Egypt to achieve the right cinematic colors for this extravaganza .
Pascal had another auspicious encounter when he was young while walking along the shore of the Mediterranean .
Pascal is a programming language .
Pascal is best known for having turned some of the best plays by the famous Irish playwright George Bernard Shaw into successful movies .
Pascal is best remembered as one of the big Hungarian movie producers like that famous Alexander Korda .
Pascal never stopped the production and the film was completed on schedule .
Pascal remained in contact with his guru Meher Baba right up to the end of his life and met with him in person one last time in New York in 1952 .
Pascal was now exactly that .
Pasco County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
Pasco County is sometimes considered part of the Sun Coast .
Pasco is a city in the state of Washington .
Pasly is a commune .
Passo de Camaragibe is a municipality located in the northern coast of the Brazilian state of Alagoas .
Passover lasts a week and is around the time of Easter .
Passover or Pesah is a festival celebrated by Jewish people .
Passports are given by national governments .
Passu is a small village by the Khunjerab River in the Northern Areas of Pakistan .
Pasta comes in many different shapes and sizes .
Pasta has been very popular in Italy and has also been eaten in many parts of Asia for a long time .
Pasta is a food made from starch and water .
Pasta is often noodles .
Pasta sometimes has eggs in it .
Paste is a monthly music and entertainment magazine .
Pasteurization causes some irreversible and some temporary denaturization of the proteins in milk .
Pasties are usually applied with a special glue or tape .
Pat Benatar was eligible for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2004 .
Pat Cadigan is an American science fiction author .
Pat Evans is a fictional character in EastEnders .
Pat Nixon had several other personal interests .
Pat Nixon went along with her husband to several other countries .
Pat went abroad along with her husband when he was the Vice President .
Patch was born and died in Somerset .
Patent trolls make a lot of people unhappy because the money paid is a lot like a tax .
Patents are usually very long .
Paternosters are nearly impossible to use for disabled people .
Paternosters have advantages and disadvantages .
Paterson decided that it would be a good tune to write words for and completed during his stay at the farm .
Pathos is a form of rhetorics .
Patiala city is situated 250 meters above sea level .
Patiala is a city in the Punjab state of India .
Patina is a coating of various chemical compounds such as oxides or carbonates formed on the surface of metal during exposure to weathering .
Patna is the capital city of the Indian state of Bihar .
Paton is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Patra developed in the third century A.C. .
Patras is located in west Greece .
Patricia Arquette is an American director and actress .
Patriot Day is a day of remembrance in the United States .
Patriotism is different from nationalism .
Patroclus was the son of Menoetius .
Pattan Kalan is located in the eastern edge of Abbottabad District and is next to Muzaffarabad District of Kashmir .
Pattern language is used to mean a system of patterns that have a certain meaning other than just the pattern .
Pattern matching is a family of tools for finding similar objects in different sources .
Pattern matching is checking if a certain pattern is present .
Patterns are tattooed on chest and stomach for ornament .
Patterns called cables are created using special cable knitting needles .
Patterson is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Pauillac is a commune .
Paul Biya is the President of Cameroon .
Paul Bunyan is a fictional giant lumberjack .
Paul Dukas was born in Paris to a Jewish father and Catholic mother .
Paul Edwards spent his childhood in the village of Turvey in Bedfordshire .
Paul Epworth is a music producer from the United Kingdom .
Paul International Airport .
Paul Kalas is an astronomer .
Paul Smith had never sung on stage before .
Paul Steinitz had many honors .
Paul Sturrock is a former football player .
Paul was retired after the 2010 FIFA World Cup .
Paul would eat the mussel from the box with the flag of the winning team .
Pauline Fowler was a character in EastEnders .
Pauline Marois is the current leader of the .
Pauline was in the show since it started in 1985 and left at Christmas 2006 when she died .
Pauline worked at a launderette with her best friend Dot Branning .
Paullina is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Pauls Valley is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Paulsen served in the United States Marines during World War II .
Pavant is a commune .
Pavia is a city in northern Italy .
Pavia is in the Lombardy Region with 71.486 people living in it .
Pavia remained the capital of the Italian Kingdom and the center of royal coronations until the diminution of imperial authority there in the twelfth century .
Pawhuska is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Pawling is a town of Dutchess County in the state of New York in the United States .
Pawnee County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Pawnee is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Pawns move differently than other pieces .
Paws are used to pad feet for walking and reduce friction .
Pax Romana was the time when there was peace in the Roman Empire .
Paxton is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Pay Per Click is a way of advertising on search engines such as Google .
PayPal is a website that allows money to be transferred between various email addresses .
Payette is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Payne County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Payton played for the Chicago Bears from 1975 to 1987 .
Payton was made a member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1993 .
Peace Symposium 2010 saw the first historic Ahmadiyya Muslim Peace Prize awarded to Lord Eric Avebury at the Mosque .
Peake grew up in a US military family .
Peake received his Bachelor of Science degree from U.S. Military Academy at West Point in 1966 and was commissioned a second lieutenant in the U.S. Army Infantry .
Peake served for four years as the United States Army Surgeon General .
Peanut processing is the main industry of the country .
Peasants owned their own land .
Pedal harps are about two meters tall and have about 50 strings .
Pedersen was born in Copenhagen and brought up in the poor area near Vigerslev Alle .
Pedersen was known for resisting to sell his works .
Pedro runs for school president .
Peiper was released by the Allies in 1956 and was murdered in his house in Paris in 1976 .
Pelosi is a member of the Democratic Party .
Pelton had been quite an effective promoter of his design and although Doble took over the Pelton company he did not change the name to Doble because it had brand name recognition .
Pelton wheels may be either vertical or horizontal shaft machines because the size of the machine is so much less than the available head .
Pemba Island is the only island apart from Zanzibar that still produces cloves on a major basis which is the primary source of spice income for the islands .
Pena spoke Cape Verdean Creole with his family while growing up .
Pena was completely blind by the time he was 20 .
Penalties ranging from fines to imprisonment are imposed for these offences .
People also call him Gurudev .
People also remember her for conservative fashions copied by many women of her time .
People also wanted a stronger Germany with more troops .
People and animals make carbon dioxide when they breathe out .
People and animals need to eat because they can not make their own food inside their bodies like plants .
People are doing many different types of work in the field of nanotechnology .
People are less likely to have hallucinations in which they smell or touch something that is not really there .
People are more likely to get it as they get older .
People are religious and are all Muslims .
People argue about what the word castle means .
People began living in this place in the 13th century .
People believe this disease was the Black Death .
People believed the book was written around 600 BCE .
People buy tickets inside the station .
People call these songs as Rabindra Sangeet .
People called Martha Washington as Lady Washington .
People can also call it by the acronym NFL for short .
People can also get help on using Game Maker from other people .
People can also get malaria from a blood transfusion .
People can choose to work for anyone who will hire them in a free market .
People can make simple games by moving these icons into a given order .
People can stop on or off at any floor they like .
People can take medicine when they are in a place where there is malaria .
People catch malaria when the parasite enters the blood .
People chose different gown from time to time depending on the occasion .
People consider the character to be a very talented lumberjack .
People decided to spread tatami by the hearth and sit erect with their legs folded under .
People describe her as the first of the modern first lady .
People did not say what kind of heresy it was .
People did this so they might get smallpox on one place on their body .
People do indoor gardening inside their house or inside a building .
People do not agree what a fairy tale exactly is .
People do not have to go to a famous gallery to view art .
People do not use them as much .
People doing water gardening plant water lilies and other aquatic plants .
People drink coffee and other drinks with caffeine to stay awake .
People eat its stem and its leaves .
People eat radishes all over the world .
People eat this kind of food with a sauce or melted butter .
People feel in a good mood .
People fly in balloons mostly for fun .
People from Calgary also begin wearing cowboy hats and other cowboy gear in spirit of the event .
People from La Gomera have a whistle language which children there learn at school .
People from Latvia are called Latvians .
People from Maratha and Santalaris were buried in the same grave .
People from Qatar are called Qataris .
People from all the world come to climb in those mountains .
People from around the world are now interested in Kabuki .
People from northern parts of India invaded the lands of the Tamil people .
People go into caves to try and explore more about the world .
People go there to see the many animals and the beauty of the countryside .
People grow rice there .
People had an AC adapter that they could plug in instead of having to buy new batteries .
People had to bring their own food and blankets .
People had traveled for days to get to Amritsar .
People have always danced .
People have been interested in head hair for hundreds of thousands of years .
People have been living in Manitoba for thousands of years .
People have different opinions about Mao .
People have found drawings and engravings from ancient Egypt that show hunting dogs with short legs .
People have kept rats as pets since the 19th century .
People have lived in Malta since around 5200 BC with the first people living there coming from Sicily .
People have lived in Malta since at least 5200 BC .
People have lived in the Mayan region since the 10th millennium BC .
People have probably lived in Madagascar for at least 2000 years .
People have small private gardens in the backyard outside their house .
People have tried to find cures for hair loss for thousands of years .
People have tried to guess for years who this knight on horseback really was .
People have used machines since before there was history .
People have used many different gallons throughout history .
People have wondered why this happens for many years .
People hold many festivals in his honor in many parts of the world .
People in Cambodia use many different type of transportation .
People in Daegu enjoy spicy food .
People in Marado regard this rock as a guardian of the island .
People in San Marino speak the Italian language .
People in many countries heard about the mysterious boy and tried to find out who he was .
People in the cabinet usually have to be members of either the House of Commons or the House of Lords .
People in the navy are called sailors .
People in the past are known to have lived in caves and even today caves can provide shelter for trekkers .
People keep many animals for food .
People know Tagore mainly as a poet .
People learned to use linen as paper raw material and to use starch made from flour as an additive .
People like Muhammad Ali Jinnah maintained their belief in religious unity .
People like it for its natural beauty and simple lifestyle .
People liked it so much that she was asked to play it every year for three years .
People live on about 200 of the islands .
People may diagnose malaria just by people having symptoms .
People may not know they are hurt or sick .
People may not masturbate on any given day .
People must use their given names on Citizendium and experts are given special status in approving articles .
People now realize that green tea and matcha are good for the health .
People now use the more powerful DarkBASIC Professional .
People of Pakistan always supported Tunisia in their struggle of freedom .
People of all ages can run in the Around the Bay Race .
People of high rank were sometimes held there too .
People often ask whether all these precious relics are real .
People often eat takoyaki with toothpicks in the Kinki area .
People often take incorrect amounts of Paracetamol .
People often traded salt for other things .
People often wait for ten years before they can get a ticket .
People on the Island use bikes .
People paid him to view the site and he sold off pieces as souvenirs .
People pasteurize food to kill any harmful microbes .
People play the games by moving seeds on a board with pits carved in it .
People rarely thought about war or how to protect the city .
People read them aloud .
People say immunization to mean the same thing as vaccination .
People sometimes get tattoos to show that they belong to a gang or culture group .
People still discuss making language simpler and more modern in Egypt .
People suffering from the disease produce a smaller amount of red and white blood cells .
People that speak Portuguese and people who speak Galician can understand each other very well .
People think Bambuco started in Africa .
People think of him to be one of the best leaders in the study of the philosophy of mind and consciousness .
People today kalua pig in the same way that ancient Hawaiians did .
People took his body back to South Africa and buried him in Church Street Cemetery in Pretoria
People use the word sacred for something that a religion says is special or important .
People use their shoes to stomp them and make them die .
People used to believe that if someone was bitten by a tarantula spider they needed to do this dance in order to drive out the poison .
People usually get malaria from the Anopheles mosquitoes .
People usually have to pay to subscribe to cable television .
People usually need to subscribe to them .
People usually wash themselves periodically .
People usually will not talk about taboos .
People were able to buy it in Japan on 21 March 2001 .
People were saying that her and Susan Lucci did not get along and this caused problems with them working together .
People were threatened and there was a lot of violence .
People were treated based on the humor theory .
People were unemployed and poor .
People who are Muslim are not allowed to eat this type of salami because it is pork .
People who are killed by having their blood drank by vampires may also become vampires .
People who are lactose intolerant lack an enzyme called lactase .
People who are not Muslim are not allowed to enter Mecca .
People who are traveling long distances do not have to fast .
People who are treated soon after becoming infected have a chance to survive .
People who did not like Dacko attacked Bangui and made Dacko leave the country .
People who explore caves are called cavers .
People who follow Falun Gong do five exercises and read books written by Li Hongzhi .
People who get malaria for the first time have more complications .
People who grow these plants or raise these animals are called farmers .
People who have cataplexy will sometimes see that some of their muscles suddenly fail them .
People who have had weight loss surgery may also get gastritis .
People who have studied his life and poetry are sure that he was homosexual .
People who have trouble swallowing add xanthan gum to drinks and other liquids to make them thicker and easier to swallow .
People who like to leave nature unharmed and those who feel they need to use more of nature often fight about what they should do .
People who live on these islands are sometimes called Pacific Islanders .
People who live where there is no malaria usually have not had malaria .
People who lived in the Heian Era stepped onto tatami to show their power and they spread the tatami only in a necessary part of the room .
People who make the maps are cartographers .
People who park there illegally may find that their vehicle gets clamped .
People who study natural history are called naturalists .
People who study the tea ceremony have to learn about different kinds of tea .
People who support capitalism also have disagreements .
People who support less federal government involvement in the economy like him .
People who support more federal government involvement in the economy do not like him .
People who supported the decision they felt it was necessary because it ended the war early .
People who take tests or examinations will pass the test if they are successful .
People who want to learn to dance can go to dance schools .
People will also be able to watch it for free on a big screen in the center of Bayreuth .
People will be asked to replant forest trees and plants on their land to help make these corridors .
People with AIDS can also get this infection more often .
People with artistic talents were usually chosen .
People with certain mental illnesses may also have hallucinations in which they see a person or thing which is not really there .
People with different kinds of malaria need different medicines .
People with gardens in their backyards use gardens as a place to do gardening .
People with lactose intolerance lack this enzyme or produce only small quantities .
People with narcolepsy tend to suddenly fall asleep .
People with the mental illness of schizophrenia may hear sounds or voices that are not really there .
People wrote on many kinds of material .
Pepsi also announced a new energy drink called Game Fuel .
Perception of the importance and priority of warming centers varies .
Performance like Manzai exist some countries .
Perhaps 1.7 million died on both sides .
Perhaps his best known recordings are the ones he made between 1936 and 1939 of the Cello Suites by Bach .
Perhaps his most famous painting is Guernica which shows the horrors of war after the bombing of the town of Guernica .
Perhaps that is because it was not composed for the Chapel .
Perhaps the most famous sarabande is one written by an unknown composer .
Perhaps the person listening knows the person talking well enough to understand that the person talking is being sarcastic .
Perhaps they could not evolve to larger sizes .
Peri and Corsi asked the poet Ottavio Rinuccini to write some words for them and together they produced the opera Dafne .
Permanent December
Permanganates are the most toxic manganese compounds .
Perry has released three studio albums and an EP .
Persia cedes five provinces east of the Tigris to Rome .
Persia cedes much of Armenia and Iberia to Constantinople .
Persuasion was written shortly before her death .
Peru is still trying to have those artifacts returned to them .
Pesticides can be used in rooms to kill mosquitoes .
Pet rats act differently from rats found in nature .
Pet rats do not act the same as wild rats .
Pete Seddon played rhythm guitar occasionally .
Pete and Ronnie are both dead .
Peter Jonas is the General Director .
Peter was married according to the gospel of Mark .
Petroleum tar was also used in ancient Egyptian mummification circa 1000 BC .
Phelps kept the mines until 1948 when the copper had all been taken out .
Pheomelanin colors hair red .
Phil Selway played drums and percussion .
Philanthropy and patriotism helped him write .
Philip Pullman wrote a series called His Dark Materials and he says in the book that The Fall was a good thing .
Phillips died in September 2002 at age 94 .
Phoenicians then sold Kashmiri saffron as a dye and a treatment for melancholy .
Phosgene was more deadly than chlorine and was colourless and smelled like mouldy hay but it took 24 hours to work .
Phosphorus compounds are chemical compounds containing phosphorus ions .
Photography without prior permission was also banned in all MRT stations since .
Physicians in this field are called cardiologists .
Physicians then started working together .
Physicists are trying to find the Higgs field now using the Large Hadron Collider at CERN .
Physicists do not know what gives an object mass. .
Physicists find out about particles by studying collisions between different particles .
Physicists know it as a Lorentz distribution .
Physiology is the branch of science that describes functions in organisms .
Picasso also made in 1900 his first travel to Paris .
Picasso could draw and paint when he was very young .
Picasso had four children with three women .
Picasso had his first exhibition in the United States in 1911 .
Picasso had said that the painting should never return to Spain until it was a democracy again .
Picasso had to burn his paintings to keep himself warm .
Picasso made three trips to Paris .
Picasso painted this painting to show how sad and angry it made him when the German Nazis destroyed a town in Spain called Guernica in 1937 .
Picking is sometimes combined with muting techniques to create distinctive sounds .
Picking your nose can lead to bloody noses as well .
Pickled or marinated peppers are frequently added to sandwiches or salads .
Pictures taken after the probe landed show a large flat area covered in pebbles .
Pieces always have clear beginnings and ends .
Pieces can be sent backwards to their starting position during play .
Pierre de Fermat along with himself created probability theory .
Pilgrims have been following this route since the ninth century .
Pillow lava has a round shape because the lava cools very quickly when it touches water .
Pillow lava is made when lava erupts underwater .
Pilots drank sake and ate a ball of rice .
Pilots noted that they saw surviving enemy troops waving white flags on subsequent passes after dropping napalm .
Pinker suggests similar explanations for the incest taboo and other things that cause the reflex emotion of disgust .
Pinochet would then become the ruler of Chile .
Pissarro died in Paris .
Pitchers can end up with a lot of injuries .
Pitchers change their pitches so that the batter will not know exactly what kind of pitch will be thrown .
Piyaro Lund is a town and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan .
Place the result in register 6 .
Places where there was no resistance can get resistant malaria .
Planets and moons in these areas are the most likely to have extraterrestrial life .
Plans are being looked at to build raised roads so the birds can pass underneath .
Plans had been made for Batista to defend the title in a match with Eddie Guerrero and Randy Orton on November 18 2005 .
Plans to build Maine Road were first announced in May 1922 .
Plantains are mostly used for cooking or fiber .
Plante holds the Western Hockey League record for points in a season by a defenceman .
Plante is considered one of the most important inventors in ice hockey .
Plante was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1978 .
Plante was the eldest of 11 children .
Plants and other organisms in these areas are destroyed and mobile animals escape from those places to find another habitat causing an excessive crowding and possible competitions among different animals .
Plants are adapted to a wide variety of habitats .
Plants of the subfamily Faboideae are members of the legume family Fabaceae in the order Fabales .
Plants that grow in shaded areas have large leaves to capture as much sunlight as possible .
Plants that live in dry climates like the desert have small or very few leaves .
Plants that were better at holding water and insects therefore had a selective advantage .
Plants use carbon dioxide to make food .
Plasmodium in some places are resistant to some medicines .
Plate tectoncis are another reason which makes Pacific Ocean smaller .
Platform 1 has a large red brick building .
Platform 4 has a large red brick building .
Play On
Play does stop for oncoming automobiles .
PlayStation Portable video games .
Players are allowed three attempts at each shot .
Players attack each other causing them to lose life points .
Players can attack another player with a creature or deal direct damage with a spell .
Players can choose between three levels .
Players can either go right into whichever track of their choosing or they can play GP .
Players often shift their positioning because of how the game is going .
Players push the ball using one bandaged hand .
Players roll two dice to find out how far their pieces can move in one turn .
Players such as Pete Rose .
Players tap the A button and twist the game around in order to play .
Players thought Samus was a boy until the end of the original Metroid game .
Players use racquets to hit a shuttlecock over a net .
Players use roundish tambourines during actions and they serve with oval tambourines .
Playing tabla involves a lot of fingers and palms use .
Please do not add pages to this category directly .
Please do not add your own articles to this page .
Please help fix them .
Please help to contribute if possible .
Pocket calculators are often powered by solar cells with a technology known as photovoltaics .
Poems and songs have been written about him and about the accident .
Poet Melvin B. Tolson taught at Langston from 1947 until 1964 .
Poet Sonia Sanchez is also known for putting together haiku and the blues musical genre .
Poet and priest Patrick Hartigan was born near Yass in 1878 .
Poetry and songs came with the dances .
Pohjola is an evil and cold place somewhere far north .
Pohjola is the land of enemies .
Poland had been occupied by Germany between 1939 and 1944 .
Police officers work to make sure people keep laws made by politicians and judges .
Political cartoons often showed real politicians or other famous people .
Political cartoons were often drawn to show several different stages of the same story .
Politically she supported the Fascism .
Politicians are people who hold public office .
Politics is the science of government .
Politics is the way people choose the leaders of their communities and the things they decide are important enough to do .
Polk is respected by historians because he made four promises during his presidential campaign and accomplished all of them .
Polk was aged 28 years .
Pollock has been the subject of many movies because of his interesting life .
Pollock was introduced to the use of liquid paint in 1936 at an experimental workshop operated in New York City by the Mexican muralist David Alfaro Siqueiros .
Polyphonic music is always in several parts .
Polyploid cells have multiple copies of chromosomes and haploid cells have single copies .
Pompey did not immediately follow up on his success .
Pompey retreated to his camp and ordered the garrison to defend it .
Ponticelli worked digging burial pits and trenches .
Pontus Norgren from The Poodles took over guitar in the band .
Poor people come into the forest by the thousands on the roads and take land to raise food .
Pop fusion was played a lot more on the radio than the fusion from the early 1970s .
Pope Alexander VI had Savonarola arrested .
Pope Benedict XVI was born in Bavaria .
Pope John Paul II .
Popes had always tried to stop Italy becoming one country because they might lose their control of the Papal States .
Popper had one son who died of tuberculosis in 1911 .
Popper is known for the idea of empirical falsification .
Popper received a Lutheran upbringing and was educated at the University of Vienna . .
Popper was born in the old Jewish part of Prague .
Population of Daykhan City is near about 50000 .
Porphyria is a genetic condition that leads to differences when the body makes blood .
Porridge is made only from whole grain oats .
Port Louis is its capital .
Port Royal was founded by the French explorer Champlain after half of his men had died of Scurvy in his first settlement .
Portman is an only child .
Poseidon was still angry with Cassiopeia and wanted to punish her .
Possession of them increases some points to the team who have the flags .
Postal services ELTA is the official name of the postal service and their colors are blue and yellow .
Postal systems often do things other than sending letters .
Postclassic Maya states also continued to survive in the southern highlands .
Potassium compounds are chemical compounds containing potassium ions .
Potassium manganate is an example .
Potassium permanganate is an example .
Pottery and small clay figures were made .
Poultry droppings are harmful to plants when fresh but after a period of composting are valuable fertilizers .
Poutrincourt then gave his holdings to his son and returned to France .
Pow !
Power from ocean surface wave motion might produce much more energy than tides .
Power is transmitted from the engine to the rear axle by way of a chain .
Practicioners includes those who develop and apply mathematical physics .
Precapillary muscles are rings of smooth muscles at the start of true capillaries that handle blood flow into true capillaries and control blood flow through a body part or area .
Precision 2 footed take off 9 .
Precision one foot take off 8 .
Precombat permits fighting without thoughtlessness in the force always and when the fighters wear protection as helmets and shin protectors .
Predators must search for prey without being seen .
Pregnancy takes about six months .
Pregnant women and children are hurt most by malaria .
Pregnant women and young children have more complications .
Pregnant women do not have to if they think it might harm their unborn baby .
Premier League side Manchester City used the stadium for their first qualifying round UEFA Cup game in July 2008 .
Prepare clean cat tray filled with absorbent grit .
Prescription charges are a set price that people within England must pay for each item on a prescription form .
Presents .
Preservation of lands within the region are managed in part by the Santa Monica Mountains Conservancy .
President Abraham Lincoln lead the North to victory over the South and in 1865 slavery was banned throughout the whole country .
President Andrew Jackson selected him as the Secretary of State in 1827 .
President Franklin Roosevelt wanted Stark to win .
President Garfield was in office from March to September of 1881 .
President Mary McAleese described him as a man steeped in the history of the State who constantly strove to make Ireland a better place for all its people .
President Mora called all of his forces to fight .
Pressure is measure in Pascals .
Pressure is the measure of how much pushing force something is putting on another object .
Pressure when talking about gas is often related to the container .
Pretty Soldier Sailor Moon or Sailor Moon is a shojo manga by Naoko Takeuchi .
Pretty paper can be used as decoration .
Prevention of stings is fairly easy if people understand how wasps live and try to avoid eating sweet foods in their environment and take care over sweet smells when they are particularly hungry in the autumn .
Prevention of stings is vital as most people do not know if they are allergic or not .
Prey animals hide from predators .
Price fixing is often practiced internationally .
Price p26 .
Priests will be judged more severely than pagans who never heard of Jesus .
Primary meristems are the apical meristems on root tips and shoot tips .
Prime Minister Begum Khaleda Zia inaugurated the bridge at a ceremony held at Paksey today .
Prime Minister Begum Khaleda Zia was the Chief Guest while Ambassador of Japan to Bangladesh H.E. .
Prime factorization is breaking apart a composite numbers into prime numbers that can be multiplied to give the larger number .
Princess Mary was born at Kensington Palace in London on 26 May 1867 .
Princess Mary was devoted to her children and to her public duties .
Princip was poor as a child .
Prior to 1948 it was only a winter visitor .
Prior to 1954 the Welsh team was chosen by a panel of selectors with the team captain fulfilling the role of coach .
Prior to 1991 Mastung was part of Kalat District .
Prior to that he had been their test driver .
Priscilla died in March of 1949 .
Prisoners dug for coal during the day and lived in underground cells at night .
Prisoners of war confirmed that they feared napalm more than any other weapon thrown at them .
Private saunas may have their own rules .
Private schooling and home schooling are popular among many Cary residents .
Probability theory and statistics talk about the variance .
Probably .
Probably most have returned to Afghanistan .
Probably the greatest writer of canons was Johann Sebastian Bach .
Probably the more outstanding recognition as soon as to the esteem of savate came in 1924 when had been included as sport of exhibition in the Olympic Games of Paris .
Probably the most effective single treatment for the vast majority of depressed patients of all ages is physical exercise .
Probably the most widely accepted theory explaining the evolution of larval stages is the need for dispersal .
Problems during the making of the movie caused it to cost much more than expected .
Problems with heart disease and diabetes made Robinson weak .
Processor designs can be different in other ways .
Processors that are similar will sometime act different .
Processors that try to be similar to the original processor can also copy all of its instructions .
Producer Henry Weinstein recalled seeing her on several occasions being physically ill as she prepared to film her scenes .
Productions such as Les Biches and Le Train Bleu were about the fashionable society around them .
Prof. Alexandre Horowitz invented the concept of rotating blades which is still marketed as Philishave by Philips .
Professional and college baseball has nine innings .
Professional players dispute their matches in sferisterio 90 metres long and 18 metres large with lateral wall .
Professionals usually have careers while people without a college education usually just have jobs .
Professor Falken has in fact resigned from NORAD because he believes war will happen no matter what any one does .
Professor Falken shows up with a helicopter and together they all go to NORAD .
Professor Yaffle spoke like a clever professor .
Professor Yaffle was just an old wooden bookend in the shape of a woodpecker .
Program builders turn code into another language or machine code .
Programs are being tried by the Tasmanian government to reduce the impact of the disease .
Progress in understanding the nature of mathematics also influences the way mathematicians study their subject .
Projects are also going on right now to expand the line into Oakland Airport as well .
Prometheus had warned his brother Epimetheus not to accept any gifts from Zeus .
Prometheus was chained there by Zeus .
Proper feeding will make a cat live much longer compared to hunting or being fed table scraps .
Protein and fats build tissue and cells in the body .
Protests and rallies also happen at the National Mall .
Protons and neutrons are not elementary particles because they are made up of quarks .
Protons are parts of atoms with a positive charge .
Protozoan parasites are also ubiquitous .
Prove that the statement is true for some beginning case .
Psychological disorders can contribute to vampiric behavior .
Psychology is the science of how people think and feel .
Psychopathic 11 .
Pubic hair waxing of children has caused concern with doctors .
Public transport in England .
Public transport in the United Kingdom .
Publicly traded companies are required to report quarterly on their financial status and earnings .
Publius Cornelius Scipio commanded the Roman force sent to stop Hannibal .
Puerto Ayora is on Santa Cruz Island .
Puget Sound is a large system of bays and straits in northwestern Washington and southeastern British Columbia .
Pullman believes that it is not worth being innocent if the price is not knowing the truth .
Pulmonology is a part of medicine .
Pupils are always welcome to visit him about anything that is bothering them .
Puppies are usually born completely white and the spots develop a few weeks after they are born .
Pure manganese is made by reacting the manganese ore with sulfuric acid and electrolyzing it .
Purification makes the language similar to a version of the language that people think is more pure .
Puritans are one kind of Christians that read the Bible very seriously .
Puritans said that humans could do nothing to be able to get to Heaven .
Puritans took this one step farther .
Put back in the microwave and cook on HIGH for 1 minute 30 seconds .
Pyjamas are often made of cotton .
Pyjamas usually include trousers and a shirt .
Pyrolusite is one of the main sources of manganese .
Qalandarabad is major town in Baldheri Union Council and is famous throughout Hazara for its Chapal Kebabs .
Qaqortoq also is the seat of the Municipality of Qaqortoq which apart from the town itself includes three small settlements .
Qaqortoq was founded by Norwegian Anders Olsen in 1775 .
Qatar Stars League is a football league which is top division in Qatar .
Qatar is a country in the Middle East .
Qatar national football team is the national football team of Qatar .
Qawwali music is believed to have started 700 years ago .
Qb3 and White has a serious attack for the pawns .
Qi Xi is traditionally held on the 7th day of the 7th month of the lunar calendar .
Qualities of a fictional or nonfiction work that cause feelings of sorrow or pity .
Quality matcha is very green because of this treatment .
Queen Marie never managed to acquire any political influence .
Queen Mary believed Jane and refused to execute her cousin .
Queen Victoria especially liked dachshunds .
Questions have arisen among Bloomington city officials as to the fiscal ability of the Ghermezians to finish Phase II .
Quia respexit humilitatem ancillae suae .
Quinine is also taken by mouth .
Quintana died at the age of 84 .
R. Ambedkar dispute involving separate electorates for untouchables .
R. I. Moore is a historian who believes that it was desire to crush this system and take over the land that drove the attack .
RATM released their debut album in 1992 .
RI has many infocomm facilities .
RI is 12 hectares big .
Ra has lots of forms and looks .
Ra was the greatest god when it came to powers .
Rabat features a Mediterranean climate .
Rabat will bid to host the 2020 Summer Olympic Games .
Rabbis are also sometimes asked to supervise food preparation to make sure it is kosher .
Rabbits are also raised as meat animals .
Rabbits are mammals of the order Lagomorpha .
Rabbits are of a different biological classification than hares .
Rabbits can be found in many parts of the world .
Rabbits have a gestation period of around 31 days .
Rabies is a viral zoonotic disease that causes acute encephalitis .
Rabindranath Tagore used the style for his female characters in his famous dance dramas .
Rabindranath Tagore used this technique for the female characters in his dance dramas .
Rabiu Afolabi was member of the Nigerian team for the 2002 and 2010 World Cups .
Race conditions can be difficult to find .
Raceland is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Racial Harmony Day is a special day celebrated on 21st July every year in Singapore .
Racial pressure on Robinson eased in 1948 as a number of other black players entered the major leagues .
Racial segregation is the term used to describe the separation of people based on race .
Racing Stripes is a 2005 animated adventure and comedy movie .
Racing is a kind of competition or contest where a goal needs to be done or finished in the least amount of time to win .
Racism has existed throughout human history .
Racquinghem is a commune .
Radar was first used in 1904 by Christian Huelsmeyer .
Radcliff is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Radcliffe is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Radcliffe started acting in school plays when he was in primary school .
Radford is a city of Virginia in the United States .
Radiant heating can also be used to heat outdoor areas .
Radiant heating occurs when a hot surface warms other objects around it .
Radiation hardening is the designing of electronic parts and systems so they can withstand the damage done by ionizing radiation .
Radiation is one of the best understood parts of physics .
Radiation pressure is the pressure exerted upon any surface exposed to electromagnetic radiation .
Radiation therapy is the use of radiation therapeutically .
Radikal is a nationwide newspaper in Turkey .
Radinghem is a commune .
Radio can still be used to send messages between people .
Radio control was once used by the military to control large weapons .
Radio programs .
Radio shows were used before there were TV programs .
Radio signals can be used to lock and unlock the doors in a car from a distance .
Radio signals can start engines moving so that gates open on their own from a distance .
Radio stations in Europe play more jazz fusion recordings .
Radioactive decay always changes the type of atom from an isotope that has higher energy inside its nucleus to an isotope with lower energy in its nucleus .
Radioactive decay is the process where the nucleus of an atom changes into another type of nucleus and produces a particle at the same time .
Radioactive material is a physical material that emits radiation .
Radioactive material is added to a container within the heater .
Radiohead has been nominated five times at the BRIT Awards .
Radiohead has received four Mercury Prize nominations .
Radiohead has received one Ivor Novello AwardsIvor Noevllo award .
Radiohead has received one award from ten nominations at the MTV Video Music Awards .
Radiohead has received one nomination at the PLUG Awards .
Radiohead has received three awards from fourteen nominations at the Grammy Awards .
Radiohead has received two awards from the Q Awards .
Radiohead is an English rock band from the Oxford area .
Radiohead made an EP in 1994 .
Radiohead started in 1987 .
Radiohead started work on their first album .
Radiolarians have existed since the beginning of the Paleozoic era .
Radiometric dating methods are used to establish the geological time scale .
Radium is a chemical element on the periodic table .
Radle gave the music business another chance and moved back to California .
Radle is thought by many to have been the best bass guitar sideman in the music business .
Radle took clarinet and piano lessons when he was young .
Radolfzell at the Bodensee is northwest a city on the west bank of Bodensee of about 18 km from Konstanz .
Radom is a city in Poland in Masovia voivodship .
Radon is a gas and is part of the group known as the noble gases .
Radon is element 86 on the periodic table .
Rafael Buelna International Airport .
Rafael Moreno Aranzadi is a former football player .
Rafflesia are the biggest flowers in the world .
Rafflesia is a parasite .
Ragdoll is a breed that enjoys being around human and it may follow its owner around the house .
Rage is a heavy metal band from Germany .
Ragnarok Online is an online computer game .
Rahay is a commune .
Rahman allowed the Jamaat to be a political party again .
Rahman also allowed Azam to return to Bangladesh as the leader of Jamaat .
Rail transport is the movement of passengers and goods using wheeled vehicles designed to run on railway tracks .
Railfans enjoy reading books and magazines about trains .
Railfans like to take pictures of trains .
Raillimont is a commune .
Railway Gazette International traces its history to May 1835 as The Railway Magazine .
Railway Gazette was previously part of Reed Business Information until 1 April 2007 .
Railway brakes are brakes which are used for the cars of railway trains .
Rain always tries very hard in everything he does .
Rain are droplets of water falling from clouds in the sky that are bigger than 0.5 mm .
Rain forests are being cut down too quickly .
Rain forests are so large and thick that for many years very few people lived or went there .
Rain is a kind of precipitation .
Rain is part of the water cycle .
Rain is water that falls from clouds in the sky .
Rainbands ahead of warm occluded fronts and warm fronts have little upward motion .
Rainbands can be stratiform or convective .
Rainbands in a tropical cyclone are curved and may even spiral around the center of the cyclone .
Rainbands in an extratropical cyclone can cause large amounts of rain or snow .
Rainbands that form near and ahead of cold fronts can be squall lines which can produce tornadoes .
Rainbands within tropical cyclones need moisture and a low level pool of cooler air .
Rainbow Brite and the Star Stealer is an animated movie from 1985 .
Rainbow Brite was an animated television show in the United States based on a series of Hallmark cards .
Rainbows are a symbol of gay union .
Rainbows are also recognizable symbols of gay pride .
Rainbows are popular symbols that can mean peace and harmony .
Rainfall can vary dramatically over several years .
Rainfall just before flowering also makes the plant give more saffron .
Rainfall varies across the area drained by the Macquarie River .
Rainforests are common in the mountains of the province because it rains a lot in the Bahoruco Oriental .
Rainforests are in danger of deforestation because lumber industries are chopping down the trees for profit .
Rainforests need some rainfall during the long Dry season .
Rainier is 14410 f high .
Raining Blood is a song by the American thrash metal band Slayer .
Rainsville was incorporated in October of 1956 .
Raisin bread is a type of bread that has raisins in it .
Raisin bread is normally brown in color from the cinnamon .
Raisins are dried grapes .
Raith Rovers F.C. is a football club which plays in Scotland .
Raja is also used as a name by Hindus and Sikhs .
Rajput constitute one of the major Hindu Kshatriya groups from India .
Rajshahi District is a district of Bangladesh .
Rajshahi Division is one of the six administrative divisions of Bangladesh .
Rajshahi division is in the north western corner of Bangladesh .
Rake is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Rakkety Tam is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 2004 .
Raleigh also gets around 45 inches of rain .
Raleigh also has a train station and a big airport .
Raleigh got its first TV station in 1956 .
Raleigh has a lot of good transportation .
Raleigh has a lot of museums .
Raleigh has a mild climate .
Raleigh was not hurt by the Civil War .
Raleigh was started in 1770 .
Ralph Steadman is a British cartoonist and illustrator .
Ralph was the oldest of nine children .
Ralph was very young when his father died .
Ralston is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Ram is a popular God and revered across India and Nepal .
Rama attacked him .
Rama is the Seventh Avatara of Vishnu in Hinduism .
Ramanujan did not actually discover this fact .
Ramasse is a commune .
Ramayana mention that city of Ayodhya was situated on the bank of Sarayu river .
Ramen is a Japanese kind of noodle soup .
Ramesses II was the greatest Pharoah of Ancient Egypt .
Ramicourt is a commune .
Ramsen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in northern Switzerland .
Rana Mohammad Hanif Khan simply known as Rana Hanif was the Finance Minister of Pakistan from 1973 to 1977 .
Rancate is a municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Ranches are often found in the desert regions of Australia or the American west because there is plenty of available space .
Ranchi is the capital city of Jharkhand state of India .
Ranchy is a commune .
Randalia is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Randall is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Randalstown is a town in County Antrim in Northern Ireland .
Randolph is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Random Forest is an statistical algorithm that is used to cluster points of data in functional groups .
Range varies with species but includes most of the forested and bush regions of Africa south of the Sahara including some of the nearby islands such as Zanzibar .
Ranger Uranium Mine is a large uranium deposit located within the borders of the Kakadu National Park .
Rangpur District is a district of Bangladesh .
Ranst is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Rantoul has an area of 7.4 square miles .
Ranunculales is an order of flowering plants .
Ranville is a commune .
Rap metal is a subgenre of rap rock which fuses vocal and usually instrumental elements of hip hop music with heavy metal .
Rap metal is often confused with rap rock and rapcore .
Rape is a form of sexual assault .
Rape is a medical emergency .
Raperswilen is a municipality of the district of Steckborn in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Raphael died on his 37th birthday and was buried in the Pantheon in Rome .
Raphael was not ashamed of this .
Raphael was thinking about choices .
Rapid City is the county seat of Pennington County .
Rapides Parish is a parish in the U.S. State of Louisiana .
Rapilly is a commune .
Rarely are members of the other two classes pathogenic to humans .
Raron is a district in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Raron is the capital city of the district of Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Rasht is the capital city of the Gilan province of Iran .
Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh is a Hindu nationalist organization in India .
Rasmussen has also been mayor of Frederiksborg County north of Copenhagen from 1998 to 2001 .
Raspberry is a color that resembles the color of raspberries .
Raster images are used very often .
Rathbun is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Rathdrum is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Rather it helps prevent cancer and heart disease .
Ratification is the confirmation of a treaty .
Ratings have been disappointly low despite the initial fanfare and introduction of new theme music at the beginning of each show .
Rationalism also influenced natural law .
Rationalist philosophers attempt to understand ideas like God and the Soul in this manner .
Rationality is the state that exists when reason is used .
Ratodero is a taluka of Larkana District in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
Rats are opportunists .
Rats are present in almost all settlements .
Rats are social and smart animals that can be trained .
Rats can carry diseases .
Rauzan is a commune .
Ravana was king of Lanka .
Ravel and Debussy both heard gamelan music from Java at this exhibition .
Ravel liked children and animals and his music is often about them .
Ravel was a very private man .
Ravel was starting to live the life of a dandy .
Ravels is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Ravenden is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Ravenna Calcio is a football club which plays in Italy .
Ravenna is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Ravenna once was the seat of the Western Roman Empire and later the Ostrogothic kingdom .
Ravenscraig is very easy to get to .
Ravenscraig used to have the largest steel mill in Western Europe .
Ravioli is a type of Italian pasta dish .
Raw apples and pears are especially helpful .
Raw food can sometimes make people sick because of bacteria which would otherwise be destroyed by cooking .
Raw materials are made into other things .
Raw materials are materials that have not been processed .
Ray Charles was 6 when he started going blind and was completely blind by age 7 .
Ray Rice at baltimoreravens.com
Ray was interested in filmmaking by meeting French filmmaker Jean Renoir and seeing the Italian neorealist film Bicycle Thieves during a visit to London .
Ray won an Academy Award in 1992 .
Rayleigh scattering is the way that light scatters when it hits a very small object .
Raymond VII was buried beside his mother Joan in Fontevrault Abbey .
Raymond is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Raywick is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Razakars was the name given to a paramilitary force organized by the Pakistan Army during the Pakistani Civil war in 1971 .
Razor bumps can also occur from removing ingrown hairs .
Razvi even traveled to Delhi and had a stormy meeting with Indian leader Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel .
Readers bought almost 23 million Calvin and Hobbes books .
Readers have considered Sasuke as one of the highly popular character as can be shown on several popularity polls .
Reagan was born in the front bedroom of the apartment .
Real Madrid football fans celebrate at the Plaza de Cibeles .
Really hot water makes it easier to remove wallpaper .
Really they were just great big houses .
Rebecca liked Jacob the best .
Rebecca tricked Issac into giving Jacob the blessing .
Recent analysis of twenty nuclear genes suggests that the flighted tinamous cluster within the ratite lineage .
Recent archaeological digs of the palace in Iraq have uncovered evidence of a building with vaults and a well nearby .
Recent conditions have utilised GPS technology to limit maximum speeds or driving to specific regions .
Recent culinary trends have seen the chickpea falafel have more success than fava bean falafel .
Recently there have been more renovation to La Scala .
Reciprocating compressors use pistons driven by a crankshaft .
Recombination technology that produces genetically detoxified vaccine is expected to grow in popularity for the production of bacterial vaccines that use toxoids .
Recorded announcements are frequently made to remind passengers to report suspicious activity and not to leave their belongings unattended .
Records .
Recovery was halted on August 7 .
Recovery will be slow in serious cases which have been caused by a blockage or pressure in the bile ducts .
Recreational activities are popular along the length of the river particularly in the communities it passes by .
Red Neck Clown 6 .
Red cabbage juice can be used as a pH indicator .
Red ink is fit enough I hope ha .
Redirects in this category have been deemed unsuitable for inclusion in a printed Paper Wikipedia .
Redknapp is related to two Premier League stars .
Redness and swelling also often occurs at the waxing site .
Redstone Arsenal is growing in importance to the region due to expansion mandated by BRAC .
Reed was drafted out of the University of Utah by the Baltimore Ravens with the 156th pick in the fifth round of the 2010 NFL Draft .
Referees mostly talk to the captain about the behavior of him and his team mates .
Reger enjoyed eating and drinking .
Reger studied music in Munich and Wiesbaden with a famous teacher Hugo Riemann .
Regina is the capital of Saskatchewan .
Region Sau village on the Kunar River .
Registered players of official championships dispute their matches in a kind of stadium named sferisterio or sferodromo in Italian language .
Registration and microchipping of cats is mandatory .
Regular visits to a vet can keep a cat alive many extra years by catching sickness and disease early .
Reichenau is in the Untersee .
Reiner is the father of Rob Reiner .
Relations between the United States and Iraq remained tense after the Gulf War .
Relations with names of parents and other relatives
Relatives of the modern land snails are rare before the Cretaceous period .
Relief rain is also a very dense and cold mixture of precipitation .
Relief rain usually happens along coastal areas where a line of hills runs along to the coast .
Religion and art have merged completely in the making of dance in Manipur .
Religious hostilities between Hindus and Muslims gave the movement a stronger backing .
Religious law is law based on religious beliefs or books .
Remittances from emigration are another important source of resources for the State of Cape Verde .
Renae Lawrence is currently serving her 20 year sentence in Kerobokan Prison along with fellow Australian Schapelle Corby .
Repeat .
Repeat next time if they need it .
Replicas of the cave paintings were made in another cave nearby .
Reports by the Sydney Morning Herald suggested that napalm has been used in the Iraq War by US forces .
Representatives of the governments of Armenia and Azerbaijan have since been holding peace talks mediated by the OSCE Minsk Group .
Reproduction in Paramecium has been researched for many years .
Republic of Mauritius is an African country .
Request TV was available to only cable viewers at first .
Reruns of the show are currently seen in the US in syndication on TBS and on The N. With Katie Holmes in one of the leading roles .
Research has shown that the liver has an excellent ability to fix itself provided all essential nutrients are eaten .
Research shows that the pavlova was first made in New Zealand .
Research suggests that it may have been a prehistoric calendar which accurately marks the summer solstice .
Reserve parachutes are packed and deployed differently .
Residents of small northern villages were told to post lookouts .
Resistance means the medicine can not hurt the Plasmodium .
Resistance to medicines changes .
Respiration differs between species of salamanders .
Retton was a gold medalist in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Revd .
Revere warned some other patriots along the way .
Revere would make more engravings for Sons of Liberty over the next few years .
Reverse faults occur in areas where the crust is being shortened .
Reznor liked their style and offered them a record deal and the chance to tour with Nine Inch Nails .
Ribeira Grande served also as a slave trade post and as post of slave Christianization before they were sent to the New World .
Ricciardo became the first Australian driver since David Brabham in 1989 to win the British F3 title .
Ricciardo continued with Carlin for the Macau Grand Prix with the team .
Ricciardo dominated the event .
Ricciardo made his track debut at the wheel of a Formula One car in December 2009 .
Ricciardo remained unbeaten in Formula One tests he has attended .
Ricciardo started karting at the age of nine .
Rice is also known for his charity work .
Rice was drafted out of the Rutgers University by the Baltimore Ravens with the 55th pick in the second round of the 2008 NFL Draft .
Rice was selected for his very first Pro Bowl in 2009 .
Richard Nixon said that she read a book about Watergate and became so upset that she had a stroke the next day .
Richard Nixon served in the U.S. Navy during World War II .
Richard Strauss conducted the orchestra in 1912 .
Richard Wallace became editor in 2004 .
Richard Wright wrote some 4000 haiku in the last eighteen months of his life .
Richelieu soon rose in both the Church and the state .
Rickey then became general manager of the Pittsburgh Pirates .
Rickey was especially interested in making sure his eventual hire could put up with the racial abuse that he would receive .
Ridder merged with Knight to form Knight Ridder in 1974 .
Rides and shows in this area include the Hall of the Presidents and the Haunted Mansion .
Rifles were used by the soldiers in the trenches .
Riggio became executive vice president of merchandising in 1987 .
Right now the pope is Benedict XVI .
Riis came to America in 1861 and worked in various odd jobs before going into journalism .
Riis is most known for his photographs and writings on slums in New York City .
Rijmen and Preneel warn that designing an algorithm to resist only known attacks is generally not a good design principle .
Riot !
Ripe Mangoes are very sweet in taste but they are bitterly sour before they ripen .
Ripken played in an 501 more straight games over the next three years .
Rishi Narada found him in a forest .
River boats can go Kehlheim in Bavaria .
River ferries sail to Brazzaville and Zongo .
Rivera has more saves in the World Series than any other pitcher .
Rivera was born in Panama and played his first baseball there .
Road also commences in the district and has a 200 km stretch uptill Babusar Pass passing trough the district .
Road side idly shops are very famous in Madurai where all can get good foods in cheaper costs .
Roads go in different directions in front of Cinderella Castle so that the park is in the shape of a wheel .
Rob Reiner directed this movie .
Rob Reiner is also an actor and a director .
Robbins had many country music hit singles and some of his songs were pop music hits on the radio .
Robert A. Heinlein had become her friend after she helped him when he was a guest at the 34th Worldcon in Kansas City .
Robert Chambers in his anonymous Vestiges also clearly made the point .
Robert Tannahill wrote the words in 1805 and James Barr wrote the music in 1818 .
Robert Von Steiglitz first came to the area in 1838 .
Robins L.N. 1995 .
Robinson also openly criticized segregated hotels and restaurants that served the Dodger organization .
Robinson and his abilities contributed a lot to the Civil Rights Movement .
Robinson became the first player since the 1880s to openly break the major league baseball color line .
Robinson broke the baseball color line when he debuted with the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1947 .
Robinson did not live long after his son .
Robinson even had to play in some of the practice games .
Robinson grew up somewhat poor in a fairly rich community .
Robinson had a batting average of .296 and 22 stolen bases for the season .
Robinson had what was an average year for him in 1952 .
Robinson has also been recognized outside of baseball .
Robinson later talked to the duty officer about racist questioning by the officer and his assistant .
Robinson left the tryout humiliated .
Robinson missed the game because manager Walter Alston decided to play Gilliam at second and Don Hoak at third base .
Robinson now became President .
Robinson received major support from several major league players .
Robinson received the first MLB Rookie of the Year Award in 1947 .
Robinson refused .
Robinson showed both hitting ability and speed which was part of the new era .
Robinson started an insulin injection schedule .
Robinson then took an offer from his old friend and pastor Rev. Karl Downs to be the athletic director at Sam Huston College in Austin .
Robinson was also known for his activities outside of baseball .
Robinson was also taunted by opposing teams .
Robinson was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1962 .
Robinson was not necessarily the best player in the Negro leagues .
Robot
Rock salts that can be eaten are sometimes a little grayish in color because of these other minerals .
Rocks of the Cainozoic era have very large numbers of gastropod fossils in them .
Rodolfo buys Mimi a bonnet .
Rodolfo collapses in tears .
Rodolfo is poor and can do little to help Mimi .
Rodolfo wants to spend time with Mimi .
Rodriguez is the only player to win the award with two different teams at two different positions .
Roger Bresnahan created the first batting helmet after getting hit in the head one game .
Roll 3 .
Rolling 4 .
Rolling Stone called the album one of the most important albums in the 1970s .
Roman Catholics declared a Servant of God .
Roman style mills are more complicated as they require gears transmit the power from a shaft with a horizontal axis to one with a vertical axis .
Romance languages are derived from Latin .
Romans had set up a fort near Jarrow in the 1st century .
Romans sack Ctesiphon
Romans were used to facing their enemies in the field .
Rome became capital of the new kingdom .
Rome destroyed Carthage in 146 BC .
Rome feared the growing strength of Hannibal .
Rome held the colony until 250 AD .
Rome wanted justice from Carthage .
Ron and Hermione have very different characters .
Ron knows all about Harry Potter .
Rondo played college basketball for the University of Kentucky
Rondo was selected with the 21st overall pick in the first round of the 2006 NBA Draft by the Phoenix Suns .
Ronson has released two albums .
Roosevelt wanted Truman as his Vice President and Truman was selected as his Vice President .
Roosevelt was in bad health and he did not have much longer to live .
Root mean square is important .
Rope ladders can be folded away easily .
Rost left Schalke in 2007 and plays now for Hamburger SV .
Rostropovich said that she was the only young cellist who could play better than he could .
Round dances were thought to be used for things that were close by and wiggle dances were for things farther away .
Rouvas was one of the first pop singers and stage performers in Greece and he made music genres of the western world popular .
Rowe was a principal founder of the University of Melbourne .
Rowing is the use of oars to move a boat .
Rowling also decided to make Harry an orphan at a boarding school called Hogwarts .
Rowling also gave Harry Potter an uncanny outward appearance .
Rowling made Harry an orphan from the early drafts of her first book .
Rowling said that the idea for the Harry Potter character came to her while waiting for a train in 1990 .
Roy Clarke writes the show and Alan J. W. Bell produces and directs it .
Royal residences and former royal residences in the United Kingdom .
Rub all parts of the hands again and again .
Rub between each finger .
Rub wet hands strongly with soap outside running water more than 10 seconds .
Rubidium compounds are chemical compounds containing rubidium ions .
Rudd is also a vegetarian .
Rudd is known for playing at music festivals and concerts in Australia and in North America .
Rugby League started in Australia in 1908 .
Rumi and Jawi are both official in Brunei .
Rumors that Catherine was unfaithful began to be repeated at court .
Running is a kind of racing where people try to be the first person to run from the where the race started to the goal or where the race is set to finish .
Rush is planted in the rice fields in August .
Russetfur dies .
Russia has the longest border with Kazakhstan .
Russia might be shown as a bear .
Russia was a freezing cold place and many soldiers got sick from the cold weather .
Russian art is representative in the collection of NGA .
Ruth began playing as a pitcher .
Ruth helped Barthold with his work .
Ruth was becoming a star player .
Rutte is also a teacher at a school in The Hague .
Ryan Seacrest is now the host .
Ryan Tedder wrote the song for Leona Lewis to sing .
Ryder is a one time WWE Tag Team champion with Curt Hawkins and has also won a Slammy Award for Most Annoying Catchphrase in 2010 .
Ryder was also known for being part of a tag team with Curt Hawkins .
Ryuho Okawa started the religion in October 1986 .
SAD is a sickness that some people have in the winter .
SCSI TCQ does not suffer from the same limitations as ATA TCQ .
SFB is the first professional ballet company in the United States .
SOme therapies involve bathing in mud .
SVO .
Saab started to make cars in 1947 .
Saanich celebrated its 100th anniversary in 2006 .
Saarland was allowed its own government for most things in 1947 but not independence .
Sabah is a state in Malaysia that is located on the northeast portion of the island of Borneo .
Sabaton is a Swedish power metal band .
Sabelianism is a position in Christian theology .
Sabellianism does not reject this idea .
Sabellianism has been rejected by the majority of Christian churches in favor of Trinitarianism .
Sabellianism teaching of Modalism and singular name baptism was also accompanied by glossolalia and prophecy among the abovementioned sect of Montanists .
Sabellianism was doctrine taught by a sect of the Montanists .
Sabile is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1917 .
Sablet is a commune .
Sabula is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Sac City is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Saccharin is the oldest artificial sweetener that exists .
Sachs points out that societies of this kind do not really understand the connection between cause and effect .
Sachseln is a municipality of the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland .
Sacramento County is a county in the U.S. state of California .
Sacramento comes from Spanish and Portuguese for holy rite .
Sacramento is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Sacramento is near where the American River meets the Sacramento River .
Sacramento is the capital of the U.S. state of California .
Sacramento was a railroad town .
Sacramento was started in 1848 by John Sutter .
Sacred dance is a kind of dance that encompasses all movements that are religious in nature .
Sacrilege involves doing or saying something that goes against something sacred .
Saddam also borrowed a large amount of money from other Arab states during the 1980s to fight Iran .
Saddam complained about the drilling to the U.S. State Department .
Saddam had been married three times .
Saddam ignored the Security Council deadline .
Saddam liked to show himself as a strict Muslim .
Saddam reached out to other Arab governments for cash and political help .
Saddam refused to wear a hood .
Saddam survived these problems that happened right after the war .
Saddam then sent his troops into Kuwait .
Saddam was also accused by the Bush administration of being part of Al Qaeda .
Saddles have been made for camels and other animals .
Sadie starred in a Jelly Tots advertisement at the age of 3 .
Sadieville is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Sadirac is a commune .
Sadism is a medical condition in which people get pleasure from humiliating or hurting others .
Sadists enjoy inflicting pain on others or humiliating them .
Sadness is an emotion .
Safari has a number of features .
Safari is a web browser developed by Apple Inc. which can be downloaded free of charge .
Safe mode is a mode of startup in computers that allows the user to detect and fix errors .
Safenwil is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Safety EP was the first public release by English band Coldplay .
Safety Suit has released only 1 hit studio album called Life Left to Go in July 2008 .
Safeway stores also have a Safeway ATM Network .
Saffron has a bitter taste and smells like hay .
Saffron has been used as a traditional medicine for a long time .
Saffron plants grow best in strong and direct sunlight .
Saffron threads were also scattered across beds and mixed into hot tea as a way of curing sad feelings .
Saffron was also used as a fabric dye in such Levant cities as Sidon and Tyre .
Saga prefecture is an area of Kyushu in western Japan .
Sagan Tosu is a football club which plays in Japan .
Sagan attended the University of Chicago earning two degrees in physics .
Sagan became a teacher and director at Cornell in 1971 .
Sagan said that marijuana helped him write some of his books .
Sagan thought the search for life on other planets was a good idea .
Sagan was very good at helping people to understand the cosmos .
Sagawa Shiga F.C. is a football club which plays in Japan .
Sage Vyasa taught this epic to his son Suka and his students Vaisampayana and others .
Sageville is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Sagittarius is from November 22 to December 21 .
Sagittarius is the astrological Zodiac sign that represents the constellation Sagittarius .
Sagno is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Saguntum was south of the river Ebro .
Sahiwal is Situated on GT Road .
Saidu Sharif is a city in Pakistan .
Saignon is a commune .
Sailing boats were very important to move cargo and people .
Sailing is also a competitive sport .
Sailing is the craft of controlling a boat that uses the force of the wind as a source of movement .
Sailor Mercury has powers of water .
Sailor Moon has powers of love and healing .
Sailor Moon was originally serialized in the Japanese manga magazine by Kodansha .
Sailor is also the lowest rank in a navy .
Saint Andrew is one of the twelve apostles of Jesus and the patron saint of Scotland .
Saint Denis has a very high crime rate .
Saint George is the patron saint of the Boy Scouts of America .
Saint Helena is an overseas territory of the United Kingdom .
Saint James was one of the apostles of Jesus Christ .
Saint Kitts and Nevis national football team is the national football team of Saint Kitts and Nevis .
Saint Lucia is a tropical island country in the eastern Caribbean Sea .
Saint Lucia is also one of the few islands in the world that has a volcano that people can drive into .
Saint Lucia national football team is the national football team of Saint Lucia .
Saint Patrick came from a Christian family .
Saint Paul is the capital city of the U.S. state of Minnesota .
Saint Paul redirects here .
Saint Peter was the first leader of an early Christian community for at least 34 years .
Saint Petersburg has changed its name many times .
Saint Valentine is the name of many martyred saints that lived in Ancient Rome .
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is an island nation in the Caribbean Sea .
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines national football team is the national football team of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines .
Saint Vincent is a volcanic island and was a dispute between both France and the United Kingdom in the 18th century .
Saint Vincent is an island and is the largest island located on the chain of islands called Saint Vincent and the Grenadines .
Saints are special holy people in the Christian religion .
Saints are synanymous with holy .
Saitama has six sister cities .
Saitama is a regional transportation hub for both passengers and freight .
Saitama is the capital and the city of Saitama Prefecture in Japan .
Sakura Haruno is a character from the Naruto anime and manga series .
Sakura has many friends who help her .
Salad dressings and sauces contain xanthan gum .
Salama Moussa became seriously ill and died on 4 August 1958 .
Salama Moussa was a mentor of Naguib Mahfouz .
Salamanca is a city in central Spain .
Salamanders are amphibians .
Salamanders can drop their tail to escape predators .
Salamanders routinely regenerate complex tissues .
Salamat is one of fourteen prefectures of Chad .
Salami is a sausage that first came from Italy .
Salamis are now sometimes smoked or cooked before air drying .
Salaspils is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1993 .
Salat al Eid also known as Salat al Eidain is the special prayer offered to commemorate two Islamic festivals .
Salaunes is a commune .
Salavre is a commune .
Salcea is a town of Suceava County in northern Romania .
Saldus is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1917 .
Salem is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Salem is a city of Indiana in the United States .
Salem is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Salem is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Salem is a city of Virginia in the United States .
Salem is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Salenstein is a municipality of the district of Steckborn in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Salenstein was the home village of Napoleon III who passed there his youth at Castle Arenenberg .
Salernitana Calcio 1919 is a football club which plays in Italy .
Salerno is a southern Italian city with a beautiful port .
Sales are the activities involved in selling products or services in return for money or other compensation .
Salhad Union Council is subdivided into two areas Salhad and Khokar .
Salicaceae is a family of flowering plants .
Salicylic acid is a chemical substance .
Saligny is a commune .
Saline County is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Salinity is a scientific term .
Salisbury has a cathedral that has a copy of the Magna Carta .
Salisbury is a city in southern England .
Salisbury is close to Stonehenge .
Salisbury is close to many rivers .
Saliva helps animals and people digest food .
Saliva is the watery substance made in the mouths of humans and some animals .
Saliva keeps the mouth and other parts of the digestive system wet .
Salivary duct calculus may block the ducts .
Salix is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Sallagriffon is a commune .
Sallah and Jones do some calculations and realize that the Nazis are digging in the wrong area because their staff is too long .
Salland is a historical region in the west and north of the present Dutch province of Overijssel .
Sallaumines is a commune .
Sallen is a commune .
Sallenelles is a commune .
Sallertaine is a commune .
Sallisaw is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Sally started her career playing the viola in a chamber group called the Raphael Ensemble .
Sally studied the viola at the Royal Northern College of Music .
Sally was preparing for her 3rd journey when the Challenger disintegrated in 1986 .
Salmon Arm is located in the southern interior of British Columbia .
Salmon belong to the same family of fish as the trout .
Salmon is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Salmon is a kind of teleost fish .
Salmonella is a genus of bacteria .
Salmsach is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Salogo is a department or commune of Ganzourgou Province in Burkina Faso .
Salperwick is a commune .
Salt Lick is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Salt flavor is also one of the basic tastes .
Salt is used to control the amount of water in the body .
Salt production would not be resumed for over a month .
Salt was probably used there as long ago as 4000 BC .
Salta is a province in the north of Argentina .
Salta is the name of the Northwestern Argentinian Province where fossils were found .
Saltasaurus was named by paleontologists J. Bonaparte and J. Powell in 1980 .
Saltiness is felt when there is sodium in the food .
Salts can melt ice .
Saltwater crocodiles are now a protected species in Australia .
Saltwater crocodiles can go a long time without eating .
Salvador was the capital of Brazil from 1549 until 1763 .
Salvinia molesta has infested the Magela floodplain .
Salween River is a major river in Southeast Asia .
Salyersville is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Salzburg is the birthplace of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart .
Sam Brownback is the governor of Kansas .
Sam Neill is sometimes a bad guy and sometimes a good guy in movies .
Sam Totman is a guitarist and main songwriter for the power metal band DragonForce .
Sam was usually called Heimdall when he was in Demoniac .
Samael is often confused with Satan because he often has grim and destructive duties .
Samael is often thought to be both good and evil .
Samael is said to have married Lilith after she left Adam .
Samael is shown as a character in the Megami Tensei video game series .
Samak died aged 74 of liver cancer in Bangkok .
Samak was the son of Samian Sundaravej and Amphan Jitrakorn .
Samarium is a chemical element that has the symbol Sm on the periodic table .
Samarkand is a famous city .
Samarkand was sacked by the Mongols under Genghis Khan in 1220 .
Samaro is a town in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
Sambreville is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur .
Sambrial is a town and tehsil of Sialkot District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Samekh in gematria has the value 60 .
Samer is a commune .
Sami people live in all of those countries .
Sami shamanism is the main religion of the Sami people .
Samognat is a commune .
Samonac is a commune .
Samos is a Greek island .
Samoussy is a commune .
Sampling is about choosing which data to take for later analysis .
Samson redirects here .
Samson saw a pretty Philistine woman while he walked through Timnah .
Samson was a British heavy metal band between 1977 and 2002 .
Samuel Bailey was born at Sheffield on 5 July 1791 .
Samuel Moore Walton was an United States businessman .
Samuel made the people in Israel be sorry for their sins until he died .
Samuel went to school in Lichfield .
Samurai lived during the Edo period .
Samurai were able to use many weapons .
Samurai were allowed to fight anyone who did not show them proper respect .
Samurai without masters were called ronin and caused minor troubles during the early Edo Period .
Samurai women were also trained to defend themselves and their children .
San Antonio is a city of Florida in the United States .
San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca is the capital city of the Catamarca Province in Argentina .
San Gimignano was founded as a small village in about 1300 BC by the Etruscans .
San Jose State Spartans is the name of the different sport teams at San Jose State University .
San Juan has many old buildings still standing today .
San Juan is the capital city of Puerto Rico .
San Juan was founded in 1521 .
San Luigi dei Francesi is a French church in Rome .
San Marcos is a city located in central Texas .
San Marcos is considered as the main peruvian university because its important participation durin the history of Peru and its notable alumni and faculty .
San Marino Grand Prix was dropped from the Formula One championship after .
San Marino is one of the smallest countries in the world .
San Marino national football team is the national football team of San Marino .
San Nazzaro is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
San Salvador is the capital and largest city of the nation of El Salvador .
Sanam Luang is an important national site .
Sanborn is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Sand Point is a city in Alaska .
Sand Springs is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Sand is a mixture made up of very small pieces of different rocks or minerals .
Sand is the result of erosion of large boulders .
Sandboxes are often square and often have wooden sides .
Sandboxes or Sandpits are also very popular for making sandcastles .
Sanders is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Sandpaper is a piece of paper with an abrasive glued to it .
Sandpapers come in various types .
Sandpoint is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Sandrans is a commune .
Sandro further clearly shows the distinction between the suites of each of the kings .
Sandro was intensely religious .
Sandspit beach is quite a popular hangout and relaxation spot in Karachi .
Sandstone is a sedimentary rock .
Sandstone which is resistant to weathering is used for building in many countries .
Sandwich is a city in the U.S. state of Illinois .
Sandwiches are often given to children to eat at school .
Sandwiches made with different types of bread might be given unique names .
Sandy Hook is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Sandy Martens is a football player .
Sandy starred in the television sitcom The Hogan Family .
Sandyville is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Sanford is a city of Florida in the United States .
Sanfrecce Hiroshima is a football club which plays in Japan .
Sangatte is a commune .
Sanghar is a city in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
Sanghen is a commune .
Sanibel is a city of Florida in the United States .
Sankin kotai was a system to control daimyo .
Sannerville is a commune .
Sannes is a commune .
Sanrio was started by Shintaro Tsuji as the Yamanashi Silk Company in 1960 .
Sanskaras then change how you look at things in the future and how you act .
Sanskrit is an ancient language .
Sanskrit is the sacred language of Hinduism and Buddhism .
Santa Ana is a city in California .
Santa Catarina is a state in Southern Brazil .
Santa Catarina is one of the Brazilian states that shows the most signs of recent European colonization .
Santa Catarina is the most European state of Brazil .
Santa Cruz de Tenerife is the capital of the Canary Islands .
Santa Fe de Antioquia is a municipality in the Antioquia Department of Colombia .
Santa Fe is the capital city of the U.S. state of New Mexico .
Santa Fe is the capital city of the province of Santa Fe in Argentina .
Santa Maria is subdivided into 24 barangays .
Santa Monica is a beach town in California .
Santiago de Cuba Province is the second most populated province in the island of Cuba .
Santiago de Losada founded the city in 1567 .
Santiago is a Dominican province located in the north central part of the country .
Santo Domingo Este is a Dominican municipality and the provincial capital of the Santo Domingo province .
Santo Domingo Este was part of the Distrito Nacional and of the Santo Domingo city until 2001 when the Santo Domingo province was created .
Santo Domingo is home to the Leones del Escogido and Tigres del Licey baseball clubs of the Dominican Winter League .
Santorini is 63 miles from the island of Crete .
Santorini is a Greek island .
Santorini is a caldera .
Sanyo is a Japanese electronics company .
Saon is a commune .
Saonnet is a commune .
Saorge is a commune .
Saosnes is a commune .
Sapa Inca was the title of the Inca emperor .
Sapignies is a commune .
Sapindales is a botanical name for an order of flowering plants .
Saponay is a commune .
Sapphires have long history .
Sapphires represent September .
Sappho may have made reference to Pandora in a surviving fragment .
Sappho was an Ancient Greek lyrical poet .
Sapulpa has an area of 18.7 square miles .
Sapulpa is a city of the Creek and Tulsa counties in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Sara Watkins is a United States violinist most famous as a member of United States bluegrass band Nickel Creek .
Sara sings in the contralto range .
Sarah Bernhardt has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 1751 Vine Street .
Sarah Palin was once mayor and owns a house with her family there .
Sarah Siddons died in 1831 in London .
Sarah had two other sisters .
Sarajevo is the capital city of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Saraland is the third largest city in Mobile County .
Sarasota County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
Sarasota County was created in 1921 .
Sarasvati River was one of the major rivers of Ancient India .
Sarasvati is one of the goddesses of Hindus .
Saratoga Trunk is a 1945 American romance film directed by Sam Wood and written by Edna Ferber and Casey Robinson .
Sarawak is a state in Malaysia that is located mostly on the northwestern portion of the island of Borneo .
Sarayu is a river which flows in Uttar Pradesh of India .
Sarayu river is mentioned in Ramayana .
Sarayu river originates in Himalaya .
Sarcasm can also be used to be funny .
Sarcasm can be used to criticize someone .
Sarcopterygii is a taxonomical class of animals .
Sarcosuchus is an extinct genus of giant crocodile .
Sardinia is a region in Italy .
Sardis is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Sargent grew up in Stamford and became involved in a lot of amateur music making .
Sargent received many honors .
Sargent was a very popular person at the Proms .
Sargent was chief conductor of the Proms from 1948 until his death in 1967 .
Sargodha is the capital city of Sargodha District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Sargon is the Biblical form of the name .
Sari is the capital city of the Mazandaran province in Iran .
Sarmenstorf is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Sarnen is the capital of the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland .
Sarojini has MA and PhD degrees in Oriya Literature and a Bachelor of Law from Utkal University .
Sarojini has her own credibility for the frankness to deals with the sensitive matters either it may be in politics or in sexuality .
Sarojini has painted successfully the difference of sensibility towards sexuality among male and female .
Sarrasani came back to Dresden in 1990 for the first time after 45 years .
Sarrasani is the name of a famous German circus .
Sarrasani was founded by the clown Hans Stosch .
Sarrians is a commune .
Sartell is a city in the U.S. state of Minnesota .
Sartell is in both Stearns County and Benton County .
Sartell started as a small town near the Mississippi River .
Sartene wine is well known amongst wine buffs as being a good drop .
Sarthe is a commune .
Sarthe is a department found in the west of France in the Pays de la Loire region .
Sasakwa is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Sasebo and Unzen are also in the prefecture .
Sashes traditionally form part of formal military uniform and the royal attire .
Sashimi is artistically arranged and put on the plate on top of shredded daikon and shiso leaves .
Sashimi is one of them .
Sashimi is very thinly cut raw seafood .
Saskatchewan is a province of Canada .
Saskatoon is the biggest city in Saskatchewan .
Sassafras is a genus that contains three current and one extinct species of deciduous trees in the family Lauraceae .
Sassari is a city in the region of Sardinia in Italy .
Sasuke has also appeared in Naruto related video games and OVAs .
Satanism is a word that has several different meanings .
Satellite Beach is a city of Florida in the United States .
Satguru or Sadguru means true guru .
Satin is a type of cloth that has a glossy surface and a dull back .
Satire is not possible under dictatorships .
Satire often uses irony to make its effect .
Saturated fat is a kind of fat .
Saturated fats are bad for people .
Saturday Night Fever is a 1977 movie .
Saturn V was the name of the rocket type used by NASA in the Apollo program .
Satyrs are creatures from Greek mythology .
Sauber F1 Team is a Swiss Formula One team .
Sauber Petronas Engineering also built the gearboxes used by Sauber .
Sauber even had several Ferrari engineers on staff .
Sauber finished the season with twelve points and eighth out of the fourteen original teams entered .
Sauber licensed nearly every part from Ferrari and even had several Ferrari engineers on staff .
Sauber licensed nearly every part they could from Ferrari .
Sauber used Ferrari designed engines from 1997 to 2005 .
Saucats is a commune .
Sauce is a hot or a cold liquid that is added to another food to add flavor to it .
Saudemont is a commune .
Saudi Arabia has cities that are important to the Muslim religion .
Saudi Arabia national football team is the national football team of Saudi Arabia .
Saugon is a commune .
Saul was baptised as a Christian .
Saul was blinded by the vision .
Saulchery is a commune .
Saulchoy is a commune .
Saulkrasti is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1991 .
Sault Ste . Marie has its own Walk of Fame .
Sault Ste Marie is on the border of Ontario and Michigan .
Saulty is a commune .
Saumos is a commune .
Sauropelta was an armored dinosaur from the early Cretaceous period .
Sauropelta was discovered and named by John H. Ostrom and Grant E. Meyer in 1970 .
Saurophaganax may be an extremely big allosaur .
Sauropodomorpha can be divided further into prosauropods and sauropods .
Sauroposeidon lived in what was then a river delta .
Saurornithoides was a fast running dinosaur from 79 million years ago .
Sausages are some of the oldest foods .
Sauverny is a commune .
Sauze is a commune .
Savage also opposes the war on drugs .
Savage has a column on sexuality called Savage Love that appears in numerous newspapers and in particular alternative weekly newspapers .
Savanna is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Savannas are found everywhere in the province .
Saved !
Saves the Day are a band who have played many genres of music during their career .
Savigneux is a commune .
Saving Abel is an American rock band formed in 2004 in Mississippi .
Saving Abel makes records for Virgin Records .
Saving Private Ryan is a 1998 war film .
Savitaipale is a Finnish municipality in the South Karelia region .
Savoillan is a commune .
Savona 1907 F.B.C. is a football club which plays in Italy in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione .
Savoonga is a city in Alaska .
Savosa is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Savy is a commune .
Sawbridgeworth is a small town in England .
Saxifragaceae is a family of flowering plant with about 460 known species in 36 genera .
Saxman is a city in Alaska .
Saxony has three urban districts which do not belong to the rural districts .
Saxony is the border of Germany to the two countries Poland and Czech Republic .
Sayre is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Scandinavian pancakes are similar to British pancakes .
Scars
Scavengers are carnivores that eat other animals which they did not kill themselves and which have been dead for a time .
Scene iv has Macbeth at a banquet with the nobles .
Scene iv is a talk between Ross and an old man .
Schaunard and Colline arrive with a tiny bit of food .
Schaunard leaves quietly to give Mimi and Rodolfo time together .
Scheel was born in Solingen .
Scholars and critics of English literature have regarded Coleridge as a major figure .
Scholars have not been able to find much information after that .
Scholars of India and Sri Lanka have developed a vocabulary in Tamil language for words of science and technology .
Scholars today do not agree what exactly Sabellius or Praxeus taught .
Scholars who learn Korean history learn hanja to read historical papers .
Schools also vary on the amount of water and matcha .
Science of DNA shows that the ancestor forms of A. sterilis grew in the Fertile Crescent of the Near East .
Science shows that the Earth formed around 4.5 billion years ago .
Scientific calculators can also use bigger numbers .
Scientists also worried that DDT was making people and animals sick .
Scientists are also trying to do this with ordinary telescopes .
Scientists are finding out when and where cassowaries cross roads .
Scientists are still discussing how many species there are .
Scientists are studying the milk from the wallaby as they think it might contain a new and powerful antibiotic .
Scientists at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention also helped with the discovery .
Scientists believe that marijuana first grew somewhere in the Himalayas .
Scientists believe that the scales are a secondary development .
Scientists believe the Rainbow Serpent stories began at the end of the last ice age .
Scientists believe they can run up to 50 k. They can jump up to 1.5 m and they can swim .
Scientists categorize this type of radiation based on its wavelength and frequency .
Scientists do not know if tachyons exist .
Scientists do not yet know for sure what these dinosaurs ate .
Scientists had thought that heavy and stable isotopes should exist .
Scientists have been looking at ways to give the devils immunity but so far this has not worked .
Scientists have found crocodiles up to 235 kilometres from the sea .
Scientists have instruments to measure them .
Scientists have referred to this change as the Neolithic Revolution .
Scientists have worked out that about 150 rainforest plants need the cassowary .
Scientists make hypotheses and theories about their fields of study .
Scientists say over half of all plant and animal species live in the rainforest .
Scientists still do not know how the birds know when the lake holds water .
Scientists study the way the parts of nature work .
Scientists think it is caused by a build up of too much Iron in the brain .
Scientists think it might cause hormones to not work right .
Scientists think that all of the water on Mars is frozen .
Scientists think that his is because the landscape has changed .
Scientists think that this way of talking may be how dinosaurs communicated with each other .
Scientists think there are only between 1200 and 1500 cassowaries left in Australia .
Scientists use it to tell how much table salt there is in water .
Scientists who study rocks say that the northern Channel Islands are a westward extension of the Santa Monicas into the Pacific Ocean .
Scientists with radio telescopes receive these radio waves and use computers to learn about the stars .
Scientologists are people who are members of the Church of Scientology .
Scipio Africanus won .
Scipio retreated across the River Trebia .
Scorsese is probably best known for his movies about the mafia .
Scotch pancakes often have sugar in the batter .
Scott behaved in gaol .
Scott left Mount Egerton and told people he was going to go to the South Pacific .
Scottish pancake and fruit crumpet .
Scotty canceled the process by kicking the offending unit .
Scratchbox uses Qemu to emulate an ARMEL processor or sbrsh to remotely execute instructions .
Scream toured all over the United States and Europe but broke up in 1989 .
Screwattack rated Wario as the 10th Biggest Douchebag in Gaming .
Scrooge meet Goldie and their relationship is of hate love add the end of the episode .
Scrubby vegetation with moist conditions 5 .
Scudda Hay !
Scullin stayed as leader of the Labor Party but lost the 1934 election .
Scully and Mulder work together to find answers to cases that they have to solve .
Sea breeze front thunderstorm lines can become strong enough to hide the location of an approaching cold front by evening .
Search engines also often make web pages they have indexed available from their cache .
Season in progress .
Seasonal overview articles for each National Hockey League team .
Seasons of the American television series Survivor .
Seaweed has been a very important part of Japanese dishes for a long time .
Sebastian Vettel took his place in the United States Grand Prix and finishing in 8th place .
Sebastian Vettel would be the third or test driver .
Sebastian takes a job in New York for The New York Times and moves .
Sebelius is a Democrat .
Second floor is SALC .
Secondary 1 and 2 students wear short pants .
Secondary 1 students attend a camp in January when they come into RI .
Secondary 3 and 4 prefects wear black leather shoes .
Secondary 3 and 4 students can wear long pants or short pants if they want .
Secondary 3 students attend a camp in January too .
Secondary education for the village and surrounding areas is looked after by Downlands Community School .
Sections below describe them .
See Head of government
See Historical provinces of Cuba .
See Lazarus taxon .
See Mahjong .
See Rail tracks
See Template test cases for information on creating template sandbox pages .
See also Brainin .
See also Fruit tree pollination .
See also Staffelstein .
See also Sustainability .
See also the category Bus rapid transit .
See also the extended plot wikibook .
See food and drink for more information about this category .
See list of slang words .
See nutrition .
See plate tectonics .
See polar coordinates .
See section 105 of the Grenada Constitution .
See the diagram for a detailed look at the carbon cycle .
See the full article for more information .
See the image above for a diagram of the playing field .
See the microformats project for background .
Seedlings in this group have two seed leaves .
Seedlings may also be killed by Pythium damping off .
Seeds from 21 plants have to be eaten and pass through the cassowary or they will not grow .
Segner worked with Euler on some of the early mathematical theories of turbine design .
Seizures and crises are usually very tiring .
Sejima became Director of the Architecture Sector for the Venice Biennale .
Sejima is a Visiting Professor at both Tama Art University and at Keio University in Tokyo .
Selenium compounds are chemical compounds contains selenium ions .
Sellers do not like competition and may try to kill the competition .
Semen is valued and masturbation is seen as a waste of semen and is therefore frowned upon even though frequent ejaculation is encouraged .
Sempronius avoided Hannibal and joined Scipio near the Trebbia River near Placentia .
Senegal and Mali came together and made this country .
Senegal left the Mali Federation a few months later .
Senna was killed instantly .
Separate sound recordings were made for nearby and distant gunfire to make a more believable experience .
Seppuku was thought to be a more honorable death for a samurai than being captured by the enemy .
Seraiki is the local language of the area .
Sergei Diaghilev was an impresario who was extremely good at spotting good dancers and helping them to rise to great standards .
Settlers can get into the rain forests because modern machines have opened roads deep into the jungle .
Sevanavank is the historic area near the lake .
Seven Presidents of the United States have graduated from Harvard schools and colleges .
Seven government ministers resigned and stopped new people from being appointed .
Seven other states of India have borders with Maharashtra .
Seven people died when building the dam .
Seventy black people were in the rebellion .
Several Christian historians claim that the one in the chapel is most likely the authentic cup used at the Last Supper .
Several London Bus routes connect with the site of the station and it is planned to be served by phase one of the East London Transit .
Several Meher Baba followers were involved in his life at the end including Harold Rudd who testified at his trial .
Several adaptations help a camel save water .
Several are extinct
Several different views exist in Hinduism regarding the role of divine beings .
Several dozen bodies dressed in royal garments were discovered near the base of the central pyramid .
Several events are held at the Baitul Futuh Mosque to serve both the Muslim and greater community .
Several factors conspired to merge the status of former slaves and former free farmers into a dependent class of such coloni .
Several groups which adhere to the same ideology have possibly used the name independently of each other .
Several local bus services have routes throughout Wake County .
Several movies were made using edited version of both series .
Several musicians were employed by her in her house .
Several of his books were international bestsellers .
Several of his operettas are still performed .
Several of the Carlist pretenders to the Spanish throne were also known as Don Carlos .
Several people encouraged him to learn more about his heritage .
Several periodicals and three daily newspapers publish in Bangui .
Several radioactive substances are considered carcinogens .
Several saffron cultivars are grown worldwide .
Several schools bear the name of Barbara Bush .
Several space probes without people have gone to Mars to study it .
Several toms may be attracted to a queen in heat .
Sewamono are plays about the lives of the town people in the Edo period .
Sexual arousal depends on hormones .
Sexual habits are sexual activities that people do because they are used to doing them .
Sexual selection is a special kind of natural selection .
Sexual selection is still being researched and discussed today .
Shalmaneser V died in 722 BC .
Shani looked at the face of Ganesha .
Shankar was one the first to bring aspects of traditional Indian music into Europe and American culture in the 1960s .
Shaw had become more difficult to work with also .
She acted as Regent for her son Victor Amadeus II .
She acted as regent of the duchy until her son grew older .
She acted as the First Lady of the United States from 1853 to 1857 .
She acted as the First Lady of the United States from 1861 until 1865 .
She acted as the First Lady of the United States from 1953 to 1961 .
She acted as the First Lady of the United States from 1969 to 1974 .
She acted as the First Lady of the United States from 1981 to 1989 .
She acted as the First Lady of the United States from 1989 to 1993 .
She acted in many plays and movies .
She advises him to talk about his problems to their parents and to her .
She also appeared in Pepsi ad with French footballer Thierry Henry .
She also appeared in the Walt Disney movies Bambi and Bambi II based on the book .
She also appeared on the Cosby Show .
She also appears to have significant athletic ability in times of imminent danger .
She also became a member of the Bundestag .
She also became the Countess of Boulogne when her father died in 1125 .
She also begins a relationship with him .
She also did her important scientific work .
She also displays a surprisingly strong will .
She also does stage acting .
She also donated a large amount to build a facility for invalid children at the Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore .
She also enjoys making machines with her husband .
She also got cataracts and her eyesight became weak .
She also got interested in astrology as the First Lady .
She also got mouth cancer and problems in her spinal cord .
She also has strong ethical beliefs .
She also hated John Dudley .
She also helped privately her husband in preparing his speeches and in his correspondence .
She also hosted several talk shows alongside her brother Donny .
She also is proud to have never met anyone with taller hair outside Graceland .
She also is the winner of the 2004 season of reality television program Big Brother .
She also lost in the second round at Wimbledon in June 2008 .
She also made a short guest appearance in Om Shanti Om .
She also placed fifth in the 400m and won silver medals in the medley relay and freesyle relay .
She also played in the European Team Championships of 1997 when Georgia won the gold medal .
She also played parts in series like Grace under fire and Who shot Patakango ? .
She also played parts in series like Hamlet and Shame No More .
She also plays the voice of Chuckie Finster on Rugrats and All Grown Up !
She also provided the voices for animated characters in television cartoon shows .
She also reached the final of the ITF event in Vancouver but lost to Stephanie Dubois of Canada .
She also redesigned the White House East Garden which now bears her name .
She also released a successful Greatest hits album .
She also released pictures of her mammogram on television .
She also represented the USA in the Miss Universe pageant 2007 .
She also said that Harry was born on 31 July and has the same birthday as herself .
She also said that stun grenades and smoke bombs were used .
She also said that they had transported her to the top of a hayrick by her hair .
She also served on the board of the Freedom National Bank until it closed in 1990 .
She also sings in many scenes in Big Love .
She also spent a lot of time exploring around her 65 a farm .
She also starred in many TV films .
She also starred in other TV programs and in numerous motion pictures .
She also starred in several TV movies .
She also supported War Child .
She also taught them about Jesus .
She also traveled to many parts of Europe .
She also used expensive fashion .
She also went to Africa and South America as the Personal Representative of the president of the United States .
She also won a Filmfare Best Supporting Actress Award and a National Film Award for Best Supporting Actress .
She also won a silver medal in the freestyle relay and placed fourth in the 400m .
She also won an award for her part in the 1999 movie Cruel Intentions .
She also worked as a sales clerk in a fashionable department store and as an extra in the film industry .
She also worked for fantasy writer Tom Reamy at his Nickelodeon Graphics typesetting and graphic design business .
She also worked in a local bank as a janitor and bookkeeper .
She also worked with many groups working for charity .
She also wrote the original words of the song called Aloha Oe .
She anchors CNN Internationals International Desk .
She and Leftheris are a good pairs team .
She and Ullyett lost the mixed doubles final at Wimbledon in the same season .
She and four others were chosen out of more than 400 other women to fly in space .
She and her younger brother Palaash Muchhal perform stage shows across India and abroad to raise funds for the poor children who need money for treatment of heart Disease .
She appeared in Scudda Hoo !
She appeared in eleven films between 1911 and 1918 .
She appeared on the January 2008 cover of the Indian edition of Vogue magazine .
She appears in English folktales .
She asked him to compose some pieces for violin and piano to play at her home .
She assured Halimah that Muhammad was not under the influence of any devil or jinn and she told her about the dream that she saw when she was pregnant .
She attended Oklahoma Baptist University in Shawnee and University of Central Oklahoma in Edmond .
She attended Taroona High school and then continued her education at Hobart Matriculation College .
She attended occasional memorials for her late husband and help supervised the plans for the John F. Kennedy Library in Boston .
She became Premier after Peter Dowding resigned .
She became a prisoner there when the Privy Council decided to change sides and proclaim Mary as queen on 19 July 1553 .
She became a professor there in 1950 .
She became a singer when she was 15 .
She became an assistant professor at the Yale School of Nursing and director of nursing at the Connecticut Mental Health Center .
She became an orphan .
She became famous as Nancy Davis .
She became friends with actors Kevin McCarthy and Eli Wallach who each she was sincere in her approach to her studies .
She became his Queen consort and remained by his side for the rest of his reign .
She became his model and mistress .
She became less blunt in her opinions .
She became only the eighth person to be allowed study for a PhD without first obtaining a BA or BSc .
She became sick with fright and fainted .
She became sick with tuberculosis .
She became the First Lady .
She became the First Lady when she was only 41 .
She became the first Olympic swimmer of either sex to win the same event three times .
She became the queen consort of Louis XVI of France in 1770 .
She became very depressed .
She began acting and singing at an early age .
She began falling in love with a man named Thomas Culpepper .
She began her career in New York .
She began her career in theater in 1958 with the Royal Shakespeare Company .
She began her tennis career in 2003 .
She began singing and dancing in her hometown at events and shows .
She believes in the essential goodness of every person and is willing to put her life on the line for that .
She bore to him one son and one daughter .
She calls on evil spirits to make her strong and evil so that she can murder Duncan .
She calmly climbed the scaffold and said a speech .
She came out of Chaos .
She can be bossy sometimes .
She can be the wife of a Maharaja or a ruler herself .
She can hit the ball hard with both her forehand and backhand .
She checked all over his body and found that he was fine and then she took him back to their home .
She competed for Russia .
She confesses that her life had entirely changed from the people she met in her journey .
She continued as the First Lady until 1969 till her husband retired as the President .
She continued her association with the Foster grandparent program when she came to the Washington as the First Lady of the United States .
She continued her duties and supported the war effort .
She continued to live there with her husband .
She could not participate in social functions after that .
She could read and write a little but was much better at needlework and managing the house .
She created a Fine Art Committee to help her restore the house to its original splendor with authentic American furnitures and paintings .
She cried for help until someone grabbed her hands and helped her find the block .
She currently attends North Bristol post 16 center studying German .
She currently has had eighteen number one singles on the US Billboard Hot 100 .
She currently resides in Atlanta .
She currently runs the fashion label Frost French .
She decided that intellect it was the best religion and she should be a Christian .
She decided to make him an orphan following the death of her mother .
She demanded that Anne make Sarah go away .
She developed theories to explain the control of genetic information from one generation of maize plants to the next .
She devoted herself to looking after him in his final years .
She did her role as the First Lady in a nice way .
She did not appear in public often .
She did not participate in formal and official functions .
She did the show with her friend Nicole Richie .
She did this by using poetry and wit to cheer Demeter up .
She did this for two years .
She did this so her husband would lower the taxes on his tenants .
She died because of the heat and because she got so scared .
She died childless at age 33 .
She died in 1996 of kidney failure .
She died in 1999 .
She died in Paris on 17 January 2008 at the age of 105 .
She died in Parma on February 6 1679 .
She died in a concentration camp .
She died just three weeks before her 88th birthday .
She died of anal cancer aged 62 in 2009 .
She died of ovarian cancer .
She died of tuberculosis on 25th October 1892 .
She died on 1st November 1979 .
She died on August 23 1887 .
She died seven weeks later .
She died there on 18 July 1817 .
She discovered that chimps will systematically hunt and eat smaller primates such as Colobus monkeys .
She discovered that one of her biggest issues in her career was her severe stage fright .
She discovers something terrible and tells the Master Chief to find Captain Keyes .
She drank 8 cups of water everyday and avoided high calorie foods .
She emerged onto the country music scene around 1986 .
She escaped from slavery and made 13 plans to help more than 70 slaves escape .
She even runs away to join a circus .
She even went to college for it .
She felt an orphan would be the most interesting character to write about .
She filed for divorce because of mental cruelty 274 days after the wedding .
She filed for divorce from her husband in April 2010 after reports of unfaithfulness by him .
She first became interested in music during her childhood when she learned how to play the piano .
She first played the piano in public when she was five .
She fixed them and put them in the shop window .
She fought illness in Keiougijyuku University hospital .
She found only one orphan boy who had no father to pay her .
She founded the Curie Institutes in Paris and Warsaw .
She funds a Vancouver program that helps poor children learn music .
She gave an interview in which she discussed the reasons that led to her posing for the photographs .
She gave birth to Hermes in a cave in Arcadia .
She gave birth to a son named Ron Reagan on 20th May 1958 .
She gave her time to programs that were for nature .
She gave him money so that he could study at the Conservatory in Madrid .
She gets music from composers .
She gifted a large collection of her art works to the government .
She got a second gold medal and world record as part of the Australian team in the 4x100m freestyle relay and got a silver medal in the 400m freestyle .
She got married 4 times .
She got the main role in the 1997 TV series Buffy the Vampire Slayer .
She graduated from the University of Southern California cum laude in 1937 .
She grew to liking the character Lady Macbeth very much .
She grew up in Newark New Jersey .
She had 17 number one hits during her career .
She had a lot of influence in the government but died exhausted in 1714 .
She had a small role in the Marx Brothers film Love Happy in 1949 .
She had a will to continue her education .
She had an injury in her hip and had to stop skating as a single skater .
She had apparently committed suicide with an overdose of sleeping pills .
She had cervical cancer .
She had discovered years ago the existence of fossil sharks with both straight and hooked teeth .
She had just graduated from a private Episcopal school for girls .
She had nine children .
She had seven children but five of them died .
She had taken a strong role as queen to her husband and was well experienced in the administration of her kingdom by the time she became pharaoh .
She had the second longest single prime ministerial term in history .
She had two sons by Jeff Brazier .
She has a Bachelor of Arts degree from Princeton University and also a Juris Doctor degree from Harvard Law School .
She has a contralto vocal range .
She has a crush on Danny .
She has a daughter Lourdes and son Rocco .
She has a map to Dryland tattooed on her back .
She has a son serving in the U.S. Army .
She has a strong serve and can play well when close to the net .
She has a terrible cough .
She has acted in multiple television programs and in many films .
She has also acted in TV programs and won many awards for her movies and acting .
She has also acted in other films and in television programs .
She has also appeared on Saturday Night Live .
She has also been an actress in many movies .
She has also been doing stage acting during her career .
She has also done many songs for different soundtracks with her sister .
She has also helped to launch the SamandRuby charity in March 2006 .
She has also performed at Electric Gardens Music festival in Kent .
She has also posed nude for several magazines including Playboy .
She has also starred in numerous motion pictures .
She has also sung Bluegrass and country pop .
She has also won Independent Spirit Awards for Blue Velvet and Smooth Talk .
She has also worked there as an advisor for several years .
She has an older sister called Alison and an older brother called Morgan .
She has become well known for the bad behavior she sometimes shows in public .
She has been almost like a cuddly toy to Harry at times .
She has been arrested for cocaine and marijuana .
She has been given the Orissa Sahitya Akademi Award and Bhubaneswar Book Fair award for her short stories collection Amrutara Pratikshare .
She has been in both soap operas and movies .
She has been interested in animals since childhood .
She has been on many TV shows and movies .
She has been played by Pam St. Clement since 12 June 1986 .
She has been widely translated and published in different Indian languages .
She has dream houses and clothes .
She has gained a reputation and has her own place in the history of Oriya fiction .
She has had a string of major hit singles .
She has had big roles in movies like The Big Sleep and Dark Passage .
She has had many hit songs and albums .
She has held cabinet posts in the governments of Tony Blair and Gordon Brown .
She has held controversial opinions and views on certain subjects .
She has left us many recordings of her playing .
She has lots of other suits as well .
She has made three albums .
She has many jobs from teacher to doctor to astronaut .
She has no pride of dress and decoration .
She has played in many films .
She has published numerous articles on prostitution and sex trafficking .
She has published ten anthologies of short stories .
She has said that the PQ plans to have another referendum in the future .
She has starred in films and television across several genres .
She has won Filmfare Best Actress Award .
She has won Grammy and Juno awards for her music .
She has won five Grammy Awards .
She has won seven Grammy awards .
She has won two Academy Awards for her acting .
She has written 12 cookbooks .
She has written a stage musical about the Highlands of Scotland .
She has written more than one hundred books .
She has written works for the Swedish and Scottish Chamber Orchestras and has had works performed at the BBC Proms .
She helped Slovakia win the Fed Cup in 2002 .
She helped the Dominican soldiers during the first days of the independence from Haiti .
She hosted Live with Regis and Kathie Lee .
She hosted NBC Today between 1976 and 1989 and Dateline NBC starting in 1992 and ending in 2003 .
She immediately started to act as the First Lady .
She inspired many musicians through her inspiring teaching and her books about clarinettists and clarinet playing .
She is a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives .
She is a Protestant .
She is a baby .
She is a citizen of both Canada and the United States .
She is a comedian and an actress .
She is a good friend of Maria Sharapova .
She is a graduate of Tecumseh High School .
She is a judge on the British television program the X Factor .
She is a living legend who has been performing for over 50 years all over the world .
She is a member of the Conservative Party .
She is a member of the Labor Party .
She is a member of the United States House of Representatives and was Speaker of the House from 2007 to 2011 .
She is a valedictorian and will soon go to college .
She is affectionately called Makiri .
She is also a very good improviser .
She is also an LGBT person and a liberal .
She is also an LGBT rights advocate .
She is also famed for her work on pop art in fashion .
She is also famous for her many plastic surgeries on her breasts and her face .
She is also known for doing voices in animated movies .
She is also known for her persistent nagging and groaning .
She is also shown telling stories for money in an inn .
She is also the daughter of actor Jayne Mansfield .
She is also the first woman to serve as Governor in the state of Oklahoma .
She is also the liveliest and the most popular .
She is also the most beautiful and the shyest .
She is also well known for her work in trying to stop whaling .
She is an American actress .
She is an American country singer .
She is an American figure skater .
She is believed to be the first emanation of Bythos .
She is best known for having picked the letters and numbers for Channel 4 game show Countdown .
She is best known for her role as Mary Frances Gibbons on The Mighty B ! .
She is best known for her role in the television sitcom Taxi .
She is best known for her supporting role on the television series 7th Heaven .
She is best known for playing Ashley Banks in The Fresh Prince of Bel Air .
She is best known for playing Winnie Cooper in The Wonder Years .
She is best known for presenting the UK version of Big Brother .
She is best known for the song These Boots Were Made For Walking .
She is better known as Candice Michelle or just Candice .
She is both a Canadian and American citizen .
She is called by many other names .
She is characterized by her big ribbon on her head .
She is considered as being the first German actress to become successful in Hollywood .
She is consistent with the triple axel .
She is covered in jewellery .
She is currently a professor at Georgetown University .
She is currently acting on the television series Shark .
She is currently appearing as Jal Fazer in Skins .
She is currently ranked 10th in the world in singles and 65th in doubles .
She is famous for her long legs which are 110 c long .
She is frightened because the giants are coming for her .
She is from Helsinki .
She is generally crowned by flowers and makes a speech before the dancing begins .
She is in every episode of the show except for five of them .
She is known as the singer of the group the Carpenters .
She is known for her powerful forehand ground strokes .
She is learning Cantonese and Mandarin .
She is married and has five children and 1 grandchild .
She is married to Andy Richter .
She is married to Charlie Haas who she married in 2005 .
She is most famous for writing To Kill a Mockingbird .
She is most well known for starring in High School Musical and High School Musical 2 on Disney Channel .
She is mostly remembered for the birth of James Francis Edward .
She is not thought of as a servant .
She is notable for her stage acting .
She is notable for starring in the Matrix trilogy .
She is noted for usually playing fiercely passionate heroines in her films .
She is now married there to her third husband .
She is of Italian heritage .
She is often called Jordan by the press .
She is one of five female figure skaters who have ever landed that jump in international competition .
She is one of many personifications of the energy of the earth .
She is one of only two swimmers to win the same Olympic event three different times .
She is one of the best known female artists of traditional pop .
She is one of the first witnesses to the resurrection of Jesus .
She is particularly remembered for her performances of the Elgar Cello Concerto .
She is perhaps most famous for playing Dr. Ellie Sattler in Jurassic Park .
She is remembered today because she was a very bad woman .
She is remembered today for her strange relationship with the famous composer Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky .
She is represented in Victoria by the Governor of Victoria .
She is said to be bisexual because her poetry was written to men and women .
She is so amazing !
She is socially conservative .
She is sponsored by sportswear company Nike and racket manufacturer Prince .
She is the 2005 World Junior Champion .
She is the Member of Parliament for the Camberwell and Peckham constituency in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom .
She is the Meriden constituency in the United Kingdom .
She is the captain of the starship Voyager .
She is the daughter of Frank Sinatra .
She is the daughter of John Schwallier and Cathy Chase .
She is the daughter of famous actor Tony Curtis .
She is the daughter of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher .
She is the daughter of singers and performers Loudon Wainwright III and Kate McGarrigle .
She is the first Indian woman to be seeded in a Grand Slam tennis tournament .
She is the first Muslim woman to be a member of the British cabinet .
She is the first President of Ireland to be born in Northern Ireland .
She is the first Slovak woman to win this much money just from tennis tournaments .
She is the first and only Welsh actress to win that award .
She is the first and only woman and first and only African American to hold the position .
She is the first openly gay host of a primetime network news show .
She is the first woman elected to Congress from Oklahoma since 1921 .
She is the first woman to ever have that position .
She is the first woman to lead a major party in the United States Congress .
She is the first woman to play full time pro hockey in a position other than goaltender .
She is the founder of the Jane Goodall Institute and has worked extensively on conservation and animal welfare issues .
She is the main character in a series of chapter books called Nancy Drew Mystery Stories .
She is the mother of Perseus by Zeus .
She is the oldest of the Pleiades .
She is the only African American woman to have won the award for Best Actress in history .
She is the only chess player in history who has won nine Chess Olympiads .
She is the only child of Rosellen Greenfield and Arthur Gellar .
She is the recipient of three Tony Awards .
She is the second woman elected to the United States Congress from Oklahoma .
She is the sister of Hilary Duff .
She is the sister of Scott Pierce .
She is the wife of the Hindu god Vishnu .
She is the younger sister of pop singer Britney Spears .
She is tired of him .
She is usually known by her stage name Natalie Portman .
She is very famous for the way she played the Shakespearean character Lady Macbeth .
She is very happy until St. John wants her to marry him and be a missionary with him .
She is very wise .
She is widely known as the original author of Little House on the Prairie series of books .
She jumped in front of a metro train in Paris .
She kept Mary a prisoner for many years .
She landed her first triple axel in competition while still at the junior level .
She later got a job as a game show host on TV4 leading two different game shows .
She later had a school where young aristocratic women received an education before marriage .
She later married the Roman Emperor Leopold .
She later recalled that Monroe showed her dedication by rehearsing her dance routines each evening .
She later said that the experience had helped her get over a fear of performing in front of large crowds .
She laughs at tigers in the zoo and taunts bullies .
She learns what it is like to be a witch from her experiences .
She lectures internationally on all these topics .
She left Korea to study at Tenafly High School in the United States .
She left a considerable architectural legacy in Turin and was responsible for the remodelling of the Palazzo Madama which was her private residence .
She left her factory job .
She left them in 2005 and started making her own music .
She licks the newborn kits clean .
She likes shopping and she is a showboat .
She lived also in Algeria .
She lived in France for many years .
She lived in Washington DC .
She lived on the island alone for 18 years before she was found and brought back to Santa Barbara .
She lived there until she was 24 .
She lives in Geneva in Switzerland .
She lives in Scotland with her husband and young daughter .
She lives in Tokyo .
She lost her seat at the 2010 General Election .
She lost to Caroline wosnakia at the US Open womens finals .
She lost to Flavia Pennetta in three sets .
She lost to Joe Biden .
She loved her husband a lot and gave him four children .
She loved it so much that she wanted to mate with it .
She made a guest appearance on the Carol Burnett Show .
She made it with Timbaland and Pharrell Williams .
She made many important finds .
She made the semis in doubles in the same tournament .
She mails the map she finds to Mario with a letter .
She married Jack Tweed on 22 February 2009 and died from cervical cancer a month later .
She married him many years after this meeting .
She married three times .
She may have been the most famous actress of the 19th century .
She met Jude Law when they were both working on the film Shopping .
She met Nikolai Rubinstein .
She met Ronald Reagan in 1951 .
She met conductor Tullio Serafin who became her mentor and guided her towards the bel canto repertoire .
She met musician Craig Schelske there .
She met the young Ben when he was a student at Miami University .
She mixed with the literary and social elites of London society .
She moved to New York City with her children in 1964 .
She moved to the bush in her early twenties .
She must not speak until the task is finished .
She never forgave her son .
She next posed for Bert Stern for Vogue in a series of photographs that included several nudes .
She not only explored the scenery but also the tradition and life of the people by living together with the people there .
She now wrestles on the RAW brand .
She offers them a lunch and Natsu explains that Igneel is a dragon .
She often painted mothers and children .
She often sucked on a pacifier and wore a sleep suit like Maggie .
She only leaves the eggs when she leaves to find food .
She outlived her husband .
She participated in the New York Marathon in 2007 .
She performed in 11 films from 1949 to 1956 .
She performed the Elgar Concerto for her last London concerts in February 1973 with Zubin Mehta and the New Philharmonia Orchestra .
She performed with the 1673 Stradivarius from 1961 until 1964 when she got the Davydov .
She played Carol Brady in The Real Live Brady Bunch .
She played Carrie Bradshaw in the television program Sex and the City .
She played Rachel Keller in the scary movie The Ring and Ann Darrow in the 2005 remake of King Kong .
She played the lead character in the supernatural drama series Medium .
She played the lead role in the television series Zoey 101 .
She plays a role in Cosi fan tutte written by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart .
She practiced laying her head on the block all night long before her death .
She presents shows for BBC Radio 1 and has hosted many television programs .
She published a comparative study in 1926 .
She published poetry and fiction .
She ran for U.S. Congress .
She ran for the 5th Congressional District seat being vacated by Ernest Istook .
She received a note from the manager of Drury Lane saying that her services would not be required .
She received a very good education .
She received an Oscar and Golden Globe Award for her performance as Rose in Rambling Rose .
She received their Nobel Prize in physics for her research on spontaneous radiation which was discovered by Henri Becquerel .
She recently appeared on Later with Jools Holland where she performed the song New Romantic .
She recollects the moment when her first son Karna was conceived from an arcane mantra one sage had given her once .
She recorded many songs after her father died .
She refused to take the crown .
She released her single Born This Way on 11 February 2011 .
She remained there for three weeks .
She remembered that he had a thin mustache and looked similar to Clark Gable .
She reminds Wotan that there is a curse on the ring and that he should quickly give the ring to the giants .
She retired from the Bundestag in September 2002 .
She returned to California and lived in a rented apartment as she recovered .
She returned to modeling .
She returns the next year to crown the new May Queen and stays in the procession .
She rushed back to camp and at the news Louis made a remarkable recovery .
She rushed out and found Muhammad standing with a pale white face .
She said it was for the fans who supported her during these years .
She said she was bankrupt .
She said she was sorry she took it and the charges were dropped .
She said that what a poem needed most was rhythm .
She said without love lust is like hunger of a caterpillar .
She sank in 1545 in battle with a French fleet .
She sat alone where nobody would notice her .
She seems to be in charge of the other witches and is scolding them for dealing with Macbeth without informing her .
She served as its area medical officer from 1983 to 1985 in the West African countries of Sierra Leone and Liberia .
She served as president of the Senate and on 10 boards and commissions .
She served five months in a West Virginia prison .
She served in that post from 1995 to 2007 .
She served two terms .
She served until 1991 .
She signed with the agency and began researching the work of Jean Harlow and Lana Turner .
She simply goes by the name Raven for most of her acting .
She sold one railway and controlled the other one with the help of her brother .
She sometimes gave some masterclasses .
She soon became a member of the famous Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow .
She speaks English and French .
She spent a lot of time away from the castle and wrote him angry letters .
She spent about four years in France in a city named Pau .
She spent months in a wheelchair and kept singing to pay her hospital bills .
She spent much of her childhood in foster homes .
She sprayed airplane parts with fire retardant and inspected parachutes .
She stands for success in work and achievements .
She starred in almost two dozen films throughout her career .
She starred in multiple television programs and in many films .
She starred in the comedy My Cousin Vinny in 1992 .
She starred in the sitcom Curb Your Enthusiasm on the HBO network .
She started acting at in theater when she was young .
She started her career after moving to Los Angeles in 2000 .
She started her modeling career in the 1980s .
She started her singing career in 1999 when she was 17 years old .
She started playing international hockey for Canada at the 2004 Four Nations Cup .
She started poetry when she was 9 .
She stayed in Manor Hall in Clifton at that time .
She still ordered that a trial be held for traditional purposes .
She still spends much of her time in Albany .
She stopped playing for a while .
She studied at Stanford University on a scholarship where she got a Bachelor of Science in chemical engineering .
She studied at the Royal Academy of Music in London .
She studied at the University of Southern California .
She studied in italy music .
She studied with James Gunn at Kansas and graduated in 1975 .
She successfully defended her title four times .
She suffered from high temperatures and sinusitis .
She suggested that gene regulation could explain how complex multicellular organisms made of cells with identical genomes have cells of different function .
She swam the longer distance of 110 yards in 59.9 seconds .
She talks to him as if he is a little dog .
She then allowed him to go to Brussels to study at the Conservatory which was then the best in Europe for string instruments .
She then finished her studies at the University of Tasmania from which she graduated in 1994 with a Bachelors degree in Commerce and Law .
She then knelt by the block and tied a piece of cloth around her eyes .
She then participated in the Miami Masters and lost to Mathilde Johansson of France in the first round .
She thought that she was better than other people .
She told Greenson that she visited several medical doctors to obtain what Greenson considered a large variety of drugs .
She took over all the household duties for her father and two older brothers .
She transported 101 female convicts to New South Wales .
She travels with Gordon in part of the game .
She tried many times to get the secret behind his great strength .
She tried to kill herself near the end of the pregnancy and did not want to care for Saddam when he was born .
She turned down the King of Spain because it would cause her to turn renounce the Protestant faith .
She underwent surgery to fix a blockage in her Fallopian tubes in May .
She used the help of the Underground Railroad .
She used the services of Joan Quigley who was an astrologer .
She used to date Jeff Goldblum .
She uses these powers to get back at classmates who have bullied her .
She wakes up and shakes on the mattress .
She wanted to see the trees and plants of her homeland .
She wants to be a traveling bard .
She was 103 f long and 27 f wide .
She was 36 years old .
She was 96 .
She was First Lady of the United States from 1849 to 1850 .
She was a Danish equestrian athlete who had contracted polio in 1943 .
She was a charming lady .
She was a cow goddess and was associated with the Milky Way .
She was a judge on the television show American Idol for its first eight seasons .
She was a lifelong Methodist .
She was a lifelong heavy smoker in private .
She was a lonely child and read a lot of books and poetry .
She was a member of a choir during her schooltime and started playing the piano when she was 7 years old .
She was a member of the Pussycat Dolls .
She was a nurse .
She was a popular First Lady .
She was a sketch artist and drew portraits of many famous people .
She was a symbol of how powerful Sweden wanted to look and how good the Swedish king was .
She was a very famous model for a long time .
She was a vocalist .
She was a widow with five children from an earlier marriage .
She was able to continue her career after a detoxication and was on both the 2005 and 2006 list of Forbes The Celebrity 100 .
She was accused of having had other lovers and was executed .
She was admitted to the Dr. R. Ahmed Dental College in the University of Calcutta in 1919 and went on to open her dental clinic in Bombay in 1923 .
She was also a comedian .
She was also a great lover of music and painting and the protector of many artists .
She was also against use of drugs by young persons .
She was also crowned the queen of Bollywood at the Zee Cine Awards in 2008 .
She was also famous for her beautiful dancing and the graceful way she carried her head .
She was also in Europe working on the TV series Crossbow .
She was also interested in public affairs .
She was also known for her preaching and speaking .
She was also lazy and unable to concentrating .
She was also nominated for a BAFTA .
She was also teatcher in declamation there .
She was also the first woman to win a Nobel Prize .
She was also the mother of the composers Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach and Wilhelm Friedemann Bach .
She was also the second wife of King James II .
She was an American singer and songwriter and had many hit songs .
She was an active First Lady .
She was an expert in the field of radioactivity .
She was an important figure in the Wars of the Roses .
She was an important member of the punk rock music trend in the 1970s .
She was an instrumental figure in the Pakistan movement and the primary organiser of All India Muslim Women Students Federation .
She was at this time 20 years old .
She was awarded the Golden Globe Cecil B. DeMille Award .
She was awarded the grandmaster title in 1984 .
She was baptised on 14 May 1940 at the Naval Church in Copenhagen .
She was being kept a prisoner at Hampton Court Palace .
She was best friends with fellow wrestler The Fabulous Moolah .
She was best known for her exotic costumes and hats made of fruit .
She was born Nadezhda Filaretovna Frolovskaya .
She was born a Princess of Savoy in Paris .
She was born between 630 and 612 BC .
She was born in 1942 .
She was born in Eisenach and studied medicine .
She was born in Hever in about 1499 .
She was born in Melbourne at 20 October 1971 .
She was born on 5 October 1658 NS in Modena .
She was born to Tatar father and Jewish mother .
She was both the youngest governor of Alaska and the first female governor of the state .
She was brought up in Hyderabad in a Muslim family .
She was buried at Westminster Abbey .
She was buried in Faversham Abbey .
She was buried in the Saint Denis Basilica .
She was busy in the 1890s .
She was christened in public on 5 April 1776 .
She was coached by Bela Karolyi .
She was crowned queen when she was only 6 days old .
She was elected in 2000 and 2006 .
She was even said to have slept with one of the judges Nigel Barker in order to win .
She was executed by a firing squad .
She was extremely popular with the people of England and governed the nation as Regent .
She was first elected in the 1997 general election .
She was first elected in the 1997 general election as member for the Salford constituency .
She was first elected to Congress in 1987 .
She was forced to stop going to the school in the year 1999 because she did not follow the school rules .
She was found at the age of 14 by Sarah Doukes of the Storm Modeling Agency in 1988 while in an airport .
She was friends with Truman Capote .
She was from Poland but lived in France .
She was from the Labor Party .
She was given a scholarship from the Venezuelan government to study in the USA .
She was holding a meeting around the parking lot of a supermarket when the incident happened .
She was ill with a virus as filming began .
She was in Peru when she became very sick .
She was in a horse carriage and he was walking .
She was in a movie called Sirens with Elle Macpherson and Sam Neill .
She was in her teens when she wrote the book that is now a classic .
She was in the middle of a performance when her fingers could no longer perform .
She was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2008 .
She was inexperienced .
She was influenced by Michael Jackson .
She was kindly remembered by the people in France at that time .
She was less lucky with her family .
She was looked after by relatives and family employees in Paris and New York City .
She was made an OBE in 1976 .
She was mainly used in unusual matches .
She was married to William Henry Harrison Jr. .
She was nearly out when in the bottom two with contestant Victoria Marshman .
She was not actively interested in politics .
She was often shown in art as a cobra .
She was on ABC but moved to another channel .
She was one of the great masters of the English novel .
She was one of the most famous hymn writers in history .
She was one of the most important music teachers of the time .
She was one of the principal authors of the 2001 No Child Left Behind Act .
She was only 18 years old at that time .
She was previously Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy to President Bush .
She was princess of England and was Queen of France for three months .
She was probably born in Hungary .
She was probably killed there because the Nazis thought people who were mentally ill should not be allowed to live .
She was raised in an Irish Catholic family and went to Thornridge High School .
She was ready to go back but at the same time she did not want to return back without anything .
She was released after the death of her husband in 1572 and was permitted to attend Court occasionally .
She was represented as a cow because cows were highly valued animals .
She was right .
She was said to be the most beautiful and intelligent woman in Japan .
She was sent back to her angered parents .
She was sometimes known as Maria Meneghini Callas after her marriage .
She was still quite young when she became ill with multiple sclerosis and had to give up playing her cello .
She was the First Lady of the United States from 1889 until her death .
She was the Member of Parliament for the Redditch constituency .
She was the VJ for MSL Break from 2007 to 2008 .
She was the best selling female artist in the 1950s .
She was the daughter of Edward the Exile and the granddaughter of Edmund Ironside .
She was the daughter of Eustace III of Boulogne and Mary of Scotland .
She was the daughter of King Akrisios of Argos .
She was the daughter of Pan and Echo .
She was the daughter of Ra .
She was the daughter of Richard Lovell Edgeworth and Anna Maria Edgeworth .
She was the first First Lady to have a press secretary .
She was the first Republican and first woman to serve as Lieutenant Governor of Oklahoma .
She was the first female outside Eastern Europe to win an Olympic all around title .
She was the first woman professor at the University of Paris as well as the first person to win two Nobel Prizes .
She was the first woman to be chosen by the Republican Party to try to become either President or Vice President and the first person from Alaska to be picked for one of these jobs by either the Republican or the Democratic Party .
She was the first woman to be part of that court .
She was the first woman to become United States Secretary of State .
She was the first woman to ever have this job .
She was the fourth crowned monarch of the Tudor dynasty .
She was the hottie in the 2008 movie The Hottie and the Naughty .
She was the last Queen in Tudor times .
She was the last WWE Womens Champion .
She was the last monarch of Hawaii .
She was the longest serving Queen consort of France .
She was the oldest First Lady alive until her death .
She was the original host for the NBC reality show The Biggest Loser until Alison Sweeney took her place .
She was the protector of lower Egypt .
She was the second daughter in her family .
She was the sister of Louis XVI .
She was the tenth child of Lord Edmund Howard and Joyce Culpepper .
She was the third woman to be principal for the famous school .
She was the unofficial Second Lady from 1989 to 1993 .
She was the wife of Cepheus who was king of a place called Ethiopia .
She was the winner of the third season on American Idol .
She was their oldest daughter .
She was then brought into the Tower of London .
She was then hired by Mr. Burns to do a portrait of him .
She was trained by her father and other family members .
She was very active as the First lady of California .
She wears a white gown to symbolise purity and usually a tiara or crown .
She went on to become the supervising director and designer for Mission Hill .
She went on to star in the Disney Channel television series based on the movie .
She went to Kenya and met Dr. Louis Leakey there .
She went to Peru with materials to help the victims of an earthquake .
She went to live in England with her son Bob Fenner in 1996 .
She went to school at Hampstead School .
She will then fly off to begin building a nest .
She withdrew from Pattaya City because of a left adductor strain .
She won Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for acting as Velma Kelly in 2002 movie Chicago .
She won a scholarship to the Italia Conti Academy .
She won glowing reviews for her role as the aggressive cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester .
She won the Clarence Derwent Award for this play and was nominated for a Tony Award .
She won the Golden Globe Award in 1975 .
She won the Japanese national championships in 2007 and 2008 after winning two silver medals in a row .
She won the fourth season of American Idol .
She won the gold medal for best performance .
She won the second season of Tough Enough .
She won the silver medal at the 2010 Winter Olympics .
She wore a menat which was a special necklace .
She wore pretty dresses and jewelry .
She worked as a lawyer .
She worked in a factory when there were no nursing jobs .
She worked in many jobs .
She works as a journalist for several property magazines .
She works as a special agent in the FBI .
She works at the San Francisco law firm that her father had started and left her and the law firm to deal with his death .
She writes her own lyrics most of the times .
She wrote a letter to Queen Mary saying that she never wanted the crown .
She wrote about typical people in everyday life .
She wrote many books of romantic fiction about the gentry .
She wrote many letters and read many books while at the Tower of London .
She wrote several books about famous clarinet players of the past .
She wrote the first copy in pencil .
She wrote three memoirs about the imperial family and about her own escape from Russia .
She wrote to congratulate him and told him she hoped he would be happy .
Shearer portrayed Derek Smalls in the 1984 comedy movie This is Spinal Tap .
Shearer speaks the voices for many characters on The Simpsons cartoon .
Shearer was a child actor .
Shearer was a member of the Credibility Gap comedy group .
Shearston began work as a newspaper writer with United Press .
Shearston returned to Australia in 1989 .
Shearston was born in Inverell .
Sheena and Colette save each other from the Desians and become friends .
Sheep ate many of the plants before they were taken away in 1943 .
Shellac is a very widely used single component resin varnish that is alcohol soluble .
Shiitake dashi stock is made by soaking dried shiitake mushrooms in water .
Shin kabuki are plays which were written by writers who did not normally write kabuki plays .
Ships around this time also began to use sails instead of oars for power .
Shirokiy prostor dlya mechty i dlya zhizni .
Shiva became angry .
Shiva is one of the main gods of the Hindu religion .
Shopping carts first made their appearance in Oklahoma City in 1937 .
Shortening makes doughs more easily workable and the bread that comes out in the end more soft and tender .
Shorter wavelength radars allowed the finding of smaller objects .
Shortly after she met the son of the elector of Hanover They married in 1705 .
Shortly after that he went to the United States again .
Shortly afterwards people began to honor him as a painter .
Shosagoto are plays that feature dance .
Shostakovich was to compose 15 string quartets .
Shoulder patches on baseball uniforms were worn usually in honor of something .
Shri Gurudev Mahendranath had no doubt that Dattatreya was an historical figure .
Siapa nama anda ?
Siberia is part of Russia .
Sibley wrote the field guide The Sibley Guide to Birds .
Sibling host species have been discovered when their parasites diverged .
Sick people who depend on herd immunity will also get sick .
Sickles fell back to the Wheatfield .
Side A.
Side B.
Sideflip 38 .
Sigmund Freud believes this to be a superficial explanation having nothing to do with the true origins of taboos .
Sigmund Freud provided an analysis of taboo behaviors .
Sigmund Freud said that hatred was a selfish feeling that wishes to get rid of whatever is making that person unhappy .
Sign language for people who can not hear .
Silicon semiconductors also take less power than gallium arsenide ones .
Silver compounds are chemical compounds containing silver ions .
Similar celebrations are also done in Philadelphia and other places through the United States .
Similar mean orbital elements led the discoverers to postulate a common origin for the group in a break up of a larger body .
Similar to how a blue berry bush has no value on its own .
Simon E. Monroe patented a hair straightener in 1906 that was like a metal comb .
Simple machines increase or change the direction of a force .
Simple systems can be settled in the laboratory to collect gas or to compress it .
Simplification makes the language easier to use .
Since 1 January 1975 Radolfzell is large district town .
Since 1948 the Cattle Egret has been permanently resident in Israel .
Since 1988 Capecchi has also been an investigator of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute .
Since 1988 he has lived in The Netherlands .
Since 1991 Tallinn has been the capital of an independent Estonia .
Since 1997 it has been a hall for recitals .
Since 1998 the conductor Zubin Mehta was music director of the Bavarian State Opera and Bavarian State Orchestra .
Since 2 January 2007 the station is in Travelcard Zone 4 .
Since 2002 leaders in Fatah have tried to get the brigades to stop attacking Israeli citizens .
Since 2004 he has been a professor of philosophy at the Australian National University .
Since 2005 it has been protected in Poland as a regional language .
Since 2008 Marco Meilinger played for Austria in different youth teams .
Since December 2005 she has her own star plate on the Bulgarian Walk of Fame .
Since Robinson had sold exclusive rights to any retirement story to Look magazine two years before .
Since and are elements of then they can be written as and so on .
Since colonization by the British the security of the country induced the Kavirondo to let the walls fall into disrepair .
Since he was very rich he could afford to do this .
Since its debut the show has become a popular internet phenomenon and has many fans .
Since the 1980s more different kinds of New Zealand landscapes have been included in the national parks .
Since the time of the silent films there existing films to the biography of Martin Luther .
Since then Sassari is an Italian city .
Since then around 2000 artists have recorded the song .
Since then art followers have worked to reintroduce the artist to Russian lovers of painting .
Since then he has conducted operas and concerts all over the world .
Since then vaccines for 28 different diseases have been found .
Sindhi and English are the official languages .
Sindhi is the common language of the people in this region .
Sindhu flows west to the Arabian Sea .
Singapore law says that the anthem may only be sung with its original Malay lyrics .
Singers and dancers added riddles to Manzai conversations and dialogues .
Singers use a trembling tone which is typical of the Manipuri style of singing .
Single payments were due on each change of tenant .
Sir Henry Parkes is famous in Australia for getting Australia to become one country in 1901 .
Sir John A. Macdonald was the first prime minister .
Sir Paul is the current President of the Royal Society and Chief Executive and Director of the UK Centre for Medical Research and Innovation .
Sisler taught Robinson to look for a fastball .
Sites also advise you change your password every year or so to prevent hacking .
Six months later a royal wedding was announced .
Six of the ministers went back to their jobs .
Sixty thousand American soldiers died of malaria during the North African and South Pacific campaigns .
Skins form the only bedsteads .
Sky Pacific in Fiji and other Pacific Island Nations started using it in 2006 .
Slang terms vary from one country to country .
Slate quarrying began in the hills above Tywyn in the 1830s .
Slicks are used for dry weather .
Slicks with grooves cut into them are used for dirt tracks .
Sloane Square in London is named for him .
Slughorn was the former professor of Potions over at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry .
Small Metcard machines are at the entrances to platforms 1 and 4 .
Small amounts of antimatter are also created during the process ...
Small amounts of the substance can be found in some beers and wines .
Small memories on or close to the CPU chip can be made faster than the much larger main memory .
Small parts of Karelia belongs to Finland .
Small pieces of this trunk are then softened .
Small quantities of it can be found in the central nervous system of many animals .
Small valley glaciers form icefalls where they meet the trunk glacier .
Smaller Dard populations can be found in China .
Smaller ships can go up to Ulm .
Smoke appears and tempts her to try the drug .
Smoke attempts to follow but is left behind .
Smoke hurts the lungs and the throat because the smoke has tar in it and contains chemicals that can cause cancer in the lungs or mouth if the person smokes over a long time period .
Snakes live in the trees and on the forest floor .
Snape comes up and kills Dumbledore .
Snorkeling is also available in the park .
Snorkeling spots are found in the rivers along the Nature Coast .
Snyder is a winner of a Pulitzer Prize for Poetry .
So Daedalus built a labyrinth that was so complicated that the Minotaur could not get out .
So Kartikeya raced off the next day but Ganesha stayed and thought about how he could win .
So Ra died beer red and scattered it all over the land .
So Robinson played his first major league season as a first baseman .
So a player can only score one run for each time he bats .
So a pregnant woman must usually take chloroquine until she has her baby .
So all cantons have their own constitution .
So barium sulfate is reduced by carbon to make barium sulfide and carbon dioxide .
So c is a very natural choice to use as a standard for measurement .
So did his simpler playing in other songs .
So do many words in the language itself .
So doctors need to know when this changes .
So each letter is replaced by the letter three letters ahead in the alphabet .
So even one animal who is not immune is safer .
So few bones were found that its exact nature is not known .
So given this name to the city .
So he became a driver for the motor transport corps .
So he decided to compose music that was truly American .
So he decided to go back to Korea and enter the Korean Basketball League in 2008 .
So he decided to marry .
So he decided to write music in a simpler way .
So he did .
So he was transfered back to SK Rapid .
So he went back to Belgium .
So he went back to Sturm .
So he went to ask permission from her father to marry her .
So his contract was not prolonged .
So instead he started to make his final album .
So it is an agricultural city .
So it is important that people who are healthy get their vaccinations .
So it is very important to know which species of Plasmodium the person has .
So it was a sword to make dangerous cuts in weak points of the human body .
So it would have been quite isolated .
So living things extract carbon from their nonliving environment .
So many of the main applications are more recent than are available in Etch .
So many people had died that they had to be put in a gymnasium .
So most people do not think about the risk of getting sick .
So one might speak of the Eocene fauna as being different from the Miocene fauna .
So people are worried that DDT used today will stay in the world for a long time .
So people from places where there is no malaria may take prophylactic medicines when they go to places where there is malaria .
So people see that vaccines can make people sick .
So repellent should be used on skin and clothes .
So she sent a Catholic priest Dr. Feckenham to try to convert Jane to Catholicism .
So that makes it true .
So the bear woman prayed for conceiving a baby at Sindansu .
So the best way to do vector control in the United States is different than the best way to do vector control in South Africa .
So the medicines to treat malaria in Africa are different from the medicines to treat malaria from South America .
So the pitcher can not take more than one step forward when he throws the ball .
So the rats followed .
So the sentence being a lie makes it true .
So the sentence being true makes it a lie .
So their genetic variety was much less than the parent population .
So they decided that this was the best time to leave Cadiz .
So they had to call for medicine .
So they make their dog chase the caracal .
So they only think about the risks vaccines cause .
So this category can serve as a collection point for many major topics .
So this city has an oriental color .
So vaccination and immunization have meanings that are a little different .
So when he was invited to go to London to compose and produce his opera Oberon he accepted the offer .
So you can assemble the joints and body parts to make a doll .
Soap can be used to wash it off .
Sobers was a very good batsman and highly effective bowler .
Social change is the result .
Societies were established to raise money .
Sodium carbonate decahydrate has a specific gravity of 1.42 to 1.47 and a Mohs hardness of 1 .
Sodium sulfate may be an antidote .
Soldiers have fought on horses ever since people have ridden horses .
Soldiers on the wall could move quickly to any part of the fortress without having to climb down inside the towers .
Solutions of salts in water are called electrolytes .
Some 30 friends and relatives attended the party .
Some 35 per cent of the subjects have birthmarks or birth defects which often correspond to injuries or illness experienced by the deceased person who the subject remembers .
Some Buddhist chant and meditate while walking .
Some Canadian soldiers lived in Europe during that time .
Some Christians say that the story of The Fall in Genesis 3 never happened but is just a myth or story that the Israelite people used to show that the relationship that man had with God is gone .
Some Dodger players implied they would sit out rather than play alongside Robinson .
Some Eastern Orthodox Churches believe the emperor or king is the head of the Church as well as the country .
Some Hearts 2 .
Some Hindus believe that he is an avatara of Vishnu .
Some Oraon people still speak Kurux .
Some Plasmodium are resistant .
Some Pokemon can only evolve by level in a certain place .
Some Protestant denominations also make use of the prayer .
Some Russian composers like Glinka and Tchaikovsky wrote several mazurkas .
Some Sami people have converted to Christianity to either the Russian Orthodox Church or Lutheranism .
Some Secondary 4 students accompany them .
Some adaptations might include high concentrations of protective enzymes .
Some adults accidentally swallow a poisonous chemical because it is in a bottle that has the wrong label .
Some adults are unable to consent to sex .
Some air plants store water in pools in and around their roots .
Some also say that Jesus Christ was God trying to start a new relationship with man .
Some are adapted to living on land while others live in water .
Some are from sweatshop labor by major businesses .
Some are neutral and some rejective and disapproving .
Some are novels or short stories written in verse form .
Some are specific to certain operating systems or platforms .
Some are used for other purposes now .
Some areas of mathematics study the shapes of things .
Some areas of mathematics study the structure that an object has .
Some areas of mathematics study the way things change .
Some argue that a story with fairies or other magical beings in the story would make it a fairy tale .
Some argue that the lunar sample data do not require a cataclysmic cratering event near 3.9 Ga. .
Some artists buy dry pigment and mix it for themselves .
Some artists take years .
Some babies are born with a problem where the vagina did not grow right .
Some background came via an interview with Mrs. Robinson .
Some balloons are very big .
Some basilicas are built because a miracle or special sign took place .
Some basses feature pickups that can be set to passive or active mode .
Some believe that platypi are the basal members of this group .
Some believers have taken advantage of this publicity to sell guides to surviving the apocalypse .
Some bins are used specifically for recycling .
Some biologists use the term for evolution in already separated gene pools .
Some cables contain both electrical wires and optical fibers .
Some can not be described by a numeral without specifying a unit of measurement or an a or an .
Some canals allow boats to pass .
Some cancers can also be caused by viruses .
Some car parks are private car parks .
Some carbon nanotubes also let electricity through them .
Some carrot cakes are even layered .
Some castles also had moats which were water filled ditches encircling the whole castle where the only way in was over a drawbridge which was a heavy wooden door that could be pulled up by chains to protect the main gate and let down to act as a bridge over the moat to allow access to the castle .
Some castles have legends of ghosts .
Some catfish can be kept in aquaria .
Some cavers are interested in conservation .
Some chapters have special rules in the game and types of soldier that only they can use .
Some children have more than one native language like when they live in a foreign country or when their father speaks a different language from their mother .
Some claim that the appendix would have burst anyway as Houdini refused to see a doctor .
Some classes do not allow them .
Some connect them with the Elamite people of ancient Iran .
Some countries and religious communities also permit the union of two partners of the same sex .
Some countries have banned cadmium from electronics .
Some countries have different sizes for different liquids .
Some countries in Central and South America are often called banana republics .
Some crab apples are used as rootstocks for domestic apples to add characteristics .
Some cultures avoid giving people a name of an animal .
Some cultures consider nose hair coming out from the nostrils to be ugly .
Some diseases are not stopped by antibiotic drugs .
Some diseases such as brain disorders or infections may cause a person to have hallucinations .
Some divisions of the force are now incorporated under other organizations .
Some domestic yaks are white .
Some drugs have been tested and approved for sale as hair loss treatments .
Some earwigs have stripes on the thorax and abdomen .
Some educators even believe DDR should be in schools as exercise .
Some estimate that there were three billion to five billion passenger pigeons in the United States when Europeans arrived in North America .
Some even died .
Some even say it is the same language but with a different accent .
Some examples of variables are distance and time .
Some famous stories were written about this idea .
Some fighting can be seen in videos released by the Israeli military and Free Gaza activists .
Some foods have high carbohydrates in them .
Some freshwater species and almost all terrestric species have developed lungs .
Some friends and he went even farther .
Some game shows have regular people as the contestants .
Some gas balloons carry people .
Some got the vaccine but did not react to it .
Some groups argue that there should be rules about the use of nanotechnology .
Some groups have even had 100 capybaras .
Some have argued that Mabel was his birth mother .
Some have blood in them .
Some have even thought it was a UFO .
Some herd animals adopt a similar pattern to make it difficult to distinguish a single animal .
Some historians believe that people of the Indus Valley Civilization were either Tamil or a similar Dravidian race .
Some historians believe that saffron first came to China with Mongol invaders by way of Persia .
Some historians believe that they migrated to India around 6000 BC .
Some identical flavors have different names in different markets .
Some illegal drugs are taken because they cause hallucinations .
Some important military men who survived the war criticized the kamikaze plan years after .
Some important people suggested making Mary the only ruler .
Some impulse turbines use multiple water jets per runner to increase specific speed and balance shaft thrust .
Some incorporate gazebos and structural designs to accommodate for places to sit or to place a hammock for a siesta .
Some interesting holes which can be difficult depending on the wind .
Some items help the player and others hurt the other players .
Some kinds are made of beef while others mix beef and pork .
Some kinds of labradorite are called moonstone or sunstone .
Some kinds of oak wood are very hard .
Some kinds of paper are strong and can be used in boxes and other packaging material .
Some kinds of shotguns use shotgun shell magazines for faster reloading .
Some knots work well to hold people as they climb .
Some ladders are made in one piece .
Some lakes are very big and people in the past sometimes called them seas .
Some larger vehicles like trucks or ships may use diesel fuel instead of gasoline .
Some later sauropterygians like the pliosaurs developed a similar mechanism in their pelvis .
Some lawyers work for hospitals and private companies .
Some light tanks can be dropped from aeroplanes and float .
Some machines do not have parts that move .
Some machines have many parts that move .
Some manganese compounds cause toxicity when ingested .
Some maniacs show signs of psychosis .
Some mantras have meanings .
Some maps in the United States have shown this as US territory .
Some martial arts were not born in Asia .
Some matter is changed into energy in an atomic bomb .
Some may also have chocolate in them .
Some may even have been painted by Fra Angelico .
Some may even have gone higher than Larry did .
Some may get very sick and even die .
Some may have a feeling of fullness or burning in the upper abdomen .
Some members of the band currently work as ministers for Eagles Landing First Baptist Church .
Some men have other intersex conditions .
Some might still live in refugee camps in Pakistan .
Some milk is turned into cheese and some is turned into yogurt .
Some moderate halophiles produce sugars outside the cell .
Some modern artists also use spray paint .
Some modern flasks are made of plastic .
Some monks or South Korean soldiers in the army do this .
Some mountain peaks in the Sahara Desert have snow even in the summer .
Some neurolgists believe that rabies might lie at the base of the myth .
Some not sure sources say that he was also in Paris between 1308 and 1310 .
Some nuclides are inherently unstable .
Some numbers may belong to more than one group .
Some of his books have been translated to English .
Some of his most famous houses and buildings were built there .
Some of his paintings are small pictures of the Madonna and Child that could be used in a family chapel for private worship .
Some of his songs have political themes that deal with the environment and the rights of Aboriginal Australians .
Some of his sugar works were so strong that court jesters could dance on them to entertain the king .
Some of the McGarrigles songs became hits for singers such as Linda Ronstadt and Maria Muldaur .
Some of the audience even booed .
Some of the care art is engraved and others are painted .
Some of the deepest valleys in the world were made by glaciers .
Some of the earlier band members also created stage names by taking the first name of a female sex symbol and the last name of a serial killer .
Some of the first attempts at making a map of Mars were done by Giovanni Schiaparelli .
Some of the ideas in this Gita are however common to both Shaivite and Buddhist Tantras .
Some of the laws of physics become more obvious as the system gets smaller .
Some of the money from each book sold goes to helping the bilbies .
Some of the old buildings in this zone are
Some of the oldest Early Christian basilicas were four that were begun in Rome by the Emperor Constantine .
Some of the people are wearing big black and white hats that were popular in Florence .
Some of the people who traveled without legal papers stayed in the synagogue while going to Palestine .
Some of the pigments come straight from natural things like clay .
Some of the plays and comic puppet theater from around the 16th century make up their own versions of the story .
Some of the popular Marathi television channels are Mi Marathi and ETV Marathi .
Some of the rooms have mannequins in them that look like real people .
Some of the soldiers committed seppuku or simply blew themselves up with grenades .
Some of the songs contain hints for the melodies .
Some of the tests thy have written seem to suggest that they were in favor of Modalism .
Some of the things that have changed are the belts .
Some of the wineries are very famous both in Australia and overseas .
Some of the worse designs even depended on the speed of the CPU .
Some of them are found in snake venom and are dangerous for our nervous system or heart .
Some of them are quite long and fill a whole concert program .
Some of them are the earliest Christian documents .
Some of them are too sick to get the vaccine .
Some of them are young composers who are learning to compose music .
Some of them become singer .
Some of them have been going for hundreds of years .
Some of them have been turned into bed and breakfast inns .
Some of them have very chromatic bits in them .
Some of them may also drink blood .
Some of them settled in these places .
Some of these buildings are the Hermitage Museum and the Winter Palace .
Some of these compounds are not found anywhere else in the living world .
Some of these differences might make one organism better at surviving and reproducing than others in a particular habitat .
Some of these instruments are now made in plastic which is less expensive and more convenient .
Some of these may also be combined .
Some of these overlap those in the canonical gospels and some are not part of the Bible .
Some of these roots may be the same .
Some of these were televised .
Some of those language families have no known members outside the Caucasus area .
Some of what Schmieder wrote in 1950 has been updated because some new music by Bach has been discovered .
Some oil exists in the region .
Some old code will no longer work on the newer processor .
Some other notable end times movies are A Thief in the Night and The Omega Code .
Some others felt their songwriting had improved so much it was no longer unrecognizable .
Some paints are just mixed with water .
Some parks built in big cities are very large .
Some parrots live up to 80 years .
Some parts of Martung are more than 1800 meters above mean sea level .
Some parts of the Sharia law were brought back .
Some parts of the blood can not be made in sufficient quantities .
Some people actually consider masturbation as a cardiovascular workout .
Some people also add melted butter to the batter .
Some people also grow vegetables or fruit in their gardens .
Some people also put mayonnaise on it .
Some people appear to have broken bones .
Some people are allergic to bananas .
Some people are interested in sending astronauts to visit Mars .
Some people are tax resisters to protest .
Some people argue against vaccination .
Some people became rich but most did not .
Some people believe Barbie gives girls a wrong idea of what they will look like when they grow up .
Some people believe tadpole skin could cure skin cancer .
Some people believe that Galileo was the first person to build a telescope .
Some people believe that caid has influenced the modern sport of Gaelic football the rules of which were officially published in 1887 .
Some people believe that using those words does not show respect .
Some people call her Posh Spice because she was a member of the Spice Girls .
Some people call it the novel that began the popularity of paperback books .
Some people called her Peggy Smith .
Some people can handle cancer better than others .
Some people chose not to get vaccinations because of the small risks .
Some people consider musical notation to be a way of writing the musical language .
Some people dance to express their feelings and emotions .
Some people disagree with the use of this word .
Some people do gardening on a roof .
Some people do not believe the Hanging Gardens were real .
Some people do not get malaria from mosquitoes .
Some people do not make enough of an enzyme in the blood .
Some people earn medals to show how they are improving .
Some people eat parsley to get their breath to smell better .
Some people fear Karelian culture and language die out .
Some people feel that it is bad to change a language .
Some people get a little sick .
Some people get very sick from primaquine .
Some people have hallucinations because they purposefully or accidentally put chemicals or drugs into their bodies .
Some people have rabbits as pets .
Some people have wondered if dachshunds go back to ancient Egypt .
Some people in Southern California even wanted Southern California to leave the rest of the state and join the Confederate State of America .
Some people in the West did not agree that Gergiev should have supported Russia in this way .
Some people keep rats as a pet .
Some people know the city from the book Tartarin de Tarascon by Alphonse Daudet .
Some people like Julius Caesar were assassinated with a dagger .
Some people made a recording of the conversation .
Some people mistakenly think that the city is located on Vancouver Island .
Some people prefer to eat a sandwich with both hands .
Some people prefer to use the term birth name instead of maiden name .
Some people save these shells because they may be very pretty .
Some people say peace is the absence of war .
Some people say the two could be a couple .
Some people suggest replacing the income tax with a larger sale tax .
Some people take prophylactic medicines for years .
Some people taxiderm their pets after they die .
Some people think that backmasking causes subliminal persuasion .
Some people think the inner parlors may have been the porch and the holy place .
Some people thought Sagan had a big ego .
Some people thought he was related to the Grand Duke of Baden .
Some people thought it made the picture look different .
Some people thought it was all a big joke .
Some people thought the shifting as an arrogant step .
Some people who are not Christians celebrate the beginning of Spring at Easter .
Some people who have sadistic sexual fantasies mean no real harm to anyone .
Some people who have tattoos wish that they had not gotten them .
Some people with a high risk of breast cancer have the operation before the cancer starts .
Some people with depression do kill themselves .
Some places have fixed times when each gender can use a sauna .
Some places have laws that make it illegal to use hate speech .
Some plants and animals can reproduce either sexually or asexually .
Some prescription drugs are available .
Some printers use a special piece of software on the computer to do that job .
Some race track are in the general form of a circle or oval .
Some race tracks are called road courses .
Some races tracks are temparary street courses .
Some railfans collect things having to do with trains .
Some railfans like to study the history of railways .
Some railfans make models of railways .
Some rats have no hair .
Some reduction in numbers happened because of habitat loss when the Europeans started settling further inland .
Some resins are soluble in both alcohol and turpentine .
Some role playing games now use paladins as a character class that you can choose when starting a new game .
Some round tables come with a Lazy Susan .
Some rubies are colored the color shown in the color chart below as rich carmine .
Some say that the railway was built to help China control the people of Tibet .
Some say there are over 100 languages spoken in Palatine .
Some schools have several degrees of black belts .
Some scientists believe that the plague spread faster than the rats .
Some secret societies have secret handshakes to show they are part of the group .
Some shipping channels are kept deeper through dredging .
Some silicates have manganese in them .
Some societies recognize polygamy and polyandry .
Some sources say that Peter died upside down .
Some species can be 30 cm long .
Some species resist the cold rather well .
Some sports are only held for certain disability types .
Some students go to the Charles River for rowing .
Some successful films were made based on his novels .
Some such as Pied Oystercatcher are found in other parts of Australia but have important populations on the peninsula .
Some tarantulas hunt prey in trees and some hunt on the ground .
Some tardigrades are carnivores .
Some taxes are based on how much money a person earns .
Some things that do not have mass on their own act like they have mass because of their movement .
Some things that take between one nanosecond and ten nanoseconds are listed below .
Some think Malacostraca is a class and others think it is a subclass .
Some think the show is not as good as it used to be .
Some think this is his best album .
Some thought he was dangerous and rebellious .
Some times fruit in the fall like apples .
Some times when they live in houses they eat some of our pests like spiders and flies .
Some tobacco and rice is also grown .
Some towns have carnivals that have nothing to do with Lent and are at different times of year .
Some tracks are open .
Some transsexual women ask for a vaginoplasty when they go from male to female .
Some types live in trees .
Some types of particle radiation can also make people sick and lead to burns .
Some use English or Urdu as a second language .
Some use animation and sound for special effects .
Some valleys appear to have rivers .
Some valleys like this are very deep and wide .
Some vampires must drink blood to survive .
Some vandalism is to let people see their talent of art .
Some vegetables like celery or carrots contribute much less to the bodies fat supply .
Some very famous people such as Igor Stravinsky and Richard Strauss conducted the orchestra .
Some video games use this to make it seem more real .
Some warships also carry aircraft .
Some warships exists because they have powerful computers that can spy on nearby ships .
Some wasps also have an extensively long ovipositer that looks like a needle .
Some water turbines are designed for Pumped storage hydroelectricity .
Some waterparks may also have some type of artificial surfing or bodyboarding environment such as a wave pool or a FlowRider .
Some waxing treatments use a sugar mixture in the same manner as wax .
Some were fascinated by his personality .
Some western philosophers such as Baruch Spinoza and scientists like Carl Sagan and Stephen Hawking are Pantheists .
Some women do not like how their vagina looks or feels .
Some women who choose not to wear a bra wear pasties to prevent their nipples from protruding visibly through their shirt .
Some words from various Bantu languages have been borrowed into western languages .
Some writers feel that past NPB players are not true rookies because of their past professional playing .
Some yarns are made from a blend of several kinds of fibers .
Somebody who makes a pilgrimage to Mecca is called a hajj in the Arabic language .
Someone can be malnourished if they eat the wrong balance of foods .
Someone named Harland Howard was impressed by them so much he decided to help her get a contract .
Someone who does satyagraha is a satyagrahi .
Someone who has been naturalized will normally have all the rights that any other person belonging to that country has .
Someone who is gay but has not come out is said to be closeted .
Someone who makes maps is called a cartographer .
Someone who paints is called a painter .
Sometime warming centers are started because someone dies from the cold or many people are at risk .
Sometimes GBA is used instead of the full name .
Sometimes a banquet is made only of desserts .
Sometimes a concerto contrasted a group of soloists with the rest of the orchestra .
Sometimes a lubricant is used to create a softer sensation .
Sometimes a newer processor will change the meaning of an instruction .
Sometimes a password will require a minimum number of characters .
Sometimes a valley has been formed in the hills near the coast of a country .
Sometimes a wind called a Chinook blows through Calgary .
Sometimes a woman could earn more than her mining husband .
Sometimes an agreement with the neighbors prevents too many people because of parking and overcrowding of the neighborhood .
Sometimes balls are placed in small mazes which have to be moved to the end through the maze .
Sometimes bands are named after their bandleaders .
Sometimes bathing is also done as a form of therapy .
Sometimes children whose parents have different nationalities are allowed to have dual nationality .
Sometimes doctors can give medicine to decrease fear and sadness .
Sometimes even gay people themselves use the word this way .
Sometimes experts find an idea that they think is a theorem but can not find a proof for it .
Sometimes government gives money to people just because those people support the politicians who are in office .
Sometimes hands are there too .
Sometimes he is an astronaut and explorer called Spaceman Spiff .
Sometimes he is selfish and rude .
Sometimes he or she has to change trains .
Sometimes he thinks he is a superhero called Stupendous Man .
Sometimes he used different themes to taste his depth of his intellect .
Sometimes he would not come out of his house for weeks .
Sometimes humans eat capybaras .
Sometimes it is just called Las Ventas .
Sometimes it is just called a vacuum .
Sometimes it is referred as the heart of the Istanbul .
Sometimes it may come out from inside a volcano .
Sometimes it reminds one of Igor Stravinsky and Olivier Messiaen .
Sometimes it takes a professional to figure out who might be disruptive or even dangers as opposed to who is just a little bit eccentric or odd .
Sometimes it was blue .
Sometimes it will no longer support it .
Sometimes kimchi is used for so .
Sometimes language reforms were done to unite the people speaking the language .
Sometimes markets open after Iftar and stay open during the night .
Sometimes minerals thought of as gangue are later recovered and used .
Sometimes mines can lie in the ground for years after a war has ended and people get killed or badly injured .
Sometimes paper is made from other kinds of paper .
Sometimes people also call this matrimony .
Sometimes people also use it when they are not sleeping .
Sometimes people also use the word in a bad way for a black man or male slave .
Sometimes people also use this to mean something is very colorful .
Sometimes people get frostbite if it is very cold .
Sometimes people get malaria even if they take prophylaxis .
Sometimes people go just to talk and enjoy a cup of tea .
Sometimes people in Australia say he is an Australian actor .
Sometimes people see a difference between fighting between countries or people and the formal declaration of a state of war .
Sometimes people still use carriages .
Sometimes people test to see if the Plasmodium is resistant to medicines to treat malaria .
Sometimes people will get the infection when they are done with chemotherapy .
Sometimes radiation or radionuclide are also considered carcinogens .
Sometimes sentences in books or cartoons may be written in katakana to show that someone is supposed to be speaking with a foreign accent .
Sometimes she is known to help him with his books .
Sometimes sportsmen do not observe the fast .
Sometimes taking powerful or lots of laxatives can cause diarrhea or a flatulence .
Sometimes the Caribbean Islands are also inclued .
Sometimes the blood smear will not show Plasmodium even if the person has malaria .
Sometimes the caron is drawn over a letter to show that it used to be pronounced differently .
Sometimes the cash register will only open if somebody is buying something .
Sometimes the data in the database may also be changed .
Sometimes the grammar of the language is changed .
Sometimes the relic is known to be real .
Sometimes the sign is not so strange as a vision .
Sometimes the silhouette of the animal was put into the rock first .
Sometimes the toy ties in with a movie release .
Sometimes the warm bread will then heat the fillings or the filling is heated before being put into the sandwich .
Sometimes the water tasted strange because it had something inside that made him go to sleep .
Sometimes the week is added .
Sometimes the word is used to describe the larval stage of any insect .
Sometimes there are disagreements about this .
Sometimes there is good evidence of the speed of speciation .
Sometimes these ladders are extension ladders .
Sometimes they are also set up when blizzards occur or the power goes out .
Sometimes they do these things to find peace .
Sometimes they do these things to understand the way the world works .
Sometimes they perform such a dance before the village goddess called Mariamma .
Sometimes they represent animals like Garfield .
Sometimes things made of wood such as furniture are painted in decorative patterns .
Sometimes this can be very painful .
Sometimes this can stop the cancer .
Sometimes this is because people do not take the medicine the right way .
Sometimes this leads to strange situations .
Sometimes this property can be very useful .
Sometimes tropical cyclones cause very heavy rain over small areas .
Sometimes tteok is also used for manduguk .
Sometimes warming centers are set up in existing homeless shelters .
Songs by Oasis .
Songs from The Bends did not get played on the radio very much there .
Sony used new ways to introduce its new product on the market and advertise it .
Soon Marcello becomes jealous .
Soon after Bethany was established other towns were made .
Soon after he was born the family moved to Paris and stayed there .
Soon after this the Soviet Union began to fight against Japan and the Japanese army in Manchuria lost .
Soon all of northern Italy was unofficially allied .
Soon he became really ill. .
Soon he spent all his time conducting operas .
Soon he started to feel a burning pain in his stomach .
Soon he was making his own movies .
Soon he was sent to Moscow where he studied the cello and played with the Moscow Youth Orchestra .
Soon many orchestras wanted him to conduct them .
Soon she had over a thousand women and girls at the mission .
Sorcha agrees to this and spends several years in the forest hiding as she works on the shirts .
Sorcha alone is able to flee into the forest and escape .
Sorcha had nursed Simon back to health after his capture by Lord Colum .
Sorcha learns that if she can spin six shirts from a painful plant she can free her brothers from the spell .
Sorcha must fend off the attacks of Richard as she works to save her brothers .
Sorcha stays with Red as she works on the shirts .
Sosa has also run into some controversy for steroids which he denied taking .
Soun is also the teacher for a martial arts school .
Sound can not move in a vacuum .
Sound is created in the larynx .
Sounds are produced from the strings in a number of ways .
Sourness is tasted when acids are on your tongue .
Souter has been an Associate Justice since 1990 .
South Alligator approximately 40km west of Jabiru on the Arnhem Highway includes a hotel and service station .
South Korea and Japan also make cadmium .
South Lanarkshire is a county in central Scotland .
Southern Maine is the part of the state that has the most people .
Soviet leader Lenin is a mausoleum .
Soya milk is also used as a drink .
Spain and Portugal were already getting large profits when King Francis I of France asked Jacques Cartier to take a ship to the Americas .
Spain sent out conquistadores who tried to take over other civilizations around the same area as the Maya Civilization .
Spanish explorers took it to the West Indies .
Spanish folk dancers often use castanets .
Sparse pockets of open forest and woodlands have developed in these areas .
Speakers of the Bashkir language mostly live in the Russian republic of Bashkortostan .
Speaking booths have recorders so students can record their speaking and check it by themselves .
Special Musical guests Kid rock and Esham .
Special arteries connect between arterioles and venules and are important in bypassing the flow of blood through the capillaries .
Special books were written for women .
Special chasen made for this purpose are often used .
Special flags double the players points after collecting it .
Special gags of that kind are usually made from leather or rubber .
Special mention may be made of Singapore .
Special rules are used to find the entry that should best be deleted .
Special surgery can be done to remove warts .
Species in this genus are commonly known as Tigers or Monarchs .
Species that lack lungs respire through gills .
Specimens can be seen in the Age of Fishes Museum .
Speed vault 30 .
Spelunkers tie their ropes with different kinds of knots .
Spelunking is the recreational sport of exploring caves .
Spices are added to these .
Spiders have small hairs on their legs that they can hear with .
Spiked tires are used for ice .
Spit is thought to be able to help wounds heal faster .
Sponsors do not mind because the world champion gets a lot more publicity than ordinary riders .
Sport fishing and underwater diving are popular .
Sports are taken very seriously at Eastbourne College and in the past it has produced many successful teams .
Spotted dogs are also thought to have lived in Egypt .
Sputnik 2 was not designed to return to earth .
Squid use it for cutting prey .
St. Louis Mayor Bernard Dickmann wanted Stark to win .
St. Patrick eventually converted Chief Aodhan and they worked together to convert many other pagans .
Sta .
Stadium construction began late in 1922 .
Staff and students can live in good dorms and residential halls within the NTU Campus .
Stage One of the Park was declared on 5 April 1979 .
Stage Two was declared on 28 February 1984 .
Stairs led to a maze of hallways that lead to different sections .
Stalingrad was known as Tsaritsyn until 1925 and is Volgograd since 1961 .
Standard Arabic had not changed for generations .
Standard methods of logic seldom use equations .
Starbuck was one of several characters to be changed from a male character into a female character .
Stars are created from nebula and first appear on the main sequence .
Stars are very large objects in outer space which burn and produce light .
Stars can be billions of years old .
Stars get the energy they produce through nuclear fusion of hydrogen into helium .
Starting at the end of the 19th century they were gradually replaced by the boats that used steam to generate motion .
Starting in 1996 the Sacerdote Great Names Series has brought some of the most sought after speakers to campus for presentations .
Station and line names in italics are under construction .
Station and line names shown in italics are planned or under construction additions .
Station or line names shown in italics are under construction .
Stations of the Circle line .
Stations of the Northern line .
Stations of the Piccadilly line .
Stations of the Victoria Line .
Stations or lines shown in italics are under construction .
Statistical analysis demonstrates that the latter sense appears five times more than the former in all of ancient Greek literature .
Status Quo played a concert there in 1997 .
Staviski originally competed for the Soviet Union and later Russia .
Staviski survived unharmed .
Stay
Steam engines were used .
Steam from the hot water rushes up and spins a machine that makes electricity .
Steamboats traveled along the river carrying supplies for the gold miners .
Steer is the usual word for beef cattle .
Stefan GP did not have an entry to the 2010 Formula One season .
Stefan GP was not accepted as an entrant in the Formula One world championship .
Steinitz wrote a lot about music .
Stella became a popular fashion designer after she grew up .
Step1 .
Step2 .
Step3 .
Step4 .
Step5 .
Step6 .
Stepping on tatamiberi fades the color on the edge of cotton and hemp in the tatami .
Stepping on the family crest was taboo .
Sterile means nothing on it that could cause a disease .
Steve Riggio is vice chairman of the company and served on the board of directors .
Steven Pinker suggests that taboos have developed culturally from more basic instincts .
Steven Swann Jones said that fairy tales were different from other sorts of folktales because of magic .
Stevenson thought that the idea of reincarnation might help modern medicine better understand aspects of human behavior and development .
Stewart is famous for the Martha Stewart Living TV show and magazine .
Stock prices are also affected by all forms of company and market news .
Stockhausen broke with his publisher and started to publish his music himself .
Stockhausen died on 5 December 2007 .
Stockhausen made Cologne an important center for electronic music .
Stockhausen was a young man during the war .
Stockhausen was born near Cologne .
Stockhausen was by now world famous .
Stockhausen went there in 1951 .
Stockport and The Trafford Centre are two examples .
Stone grinding is quite difficult to do well .
Stoneman and Burbridge continued on toward Marion where they encountered Witcher and his men .
Stoneman did not reveal the objectives of the expedition to his subordinates until three days after it had departed Knoxville on December 10 .
Stopping the fire stops the candle from burning until it is all gone .
Storey used the stick to defend himself to exit the arena .
Stories were told or acted out dramatically .
Stover was drafted out of the Louisiana Tech University by the Cleveland Browns with the 329th pick in the twelfth round of the 1990 NFL Draft .
Stowers joined the final catwalk show with Chantal .
Stowers really worked at a service counter .
Strands of the fault snake under the Los Angeles Basin .
Stravinsky was one of the many composers who wrote ballet music for them .
Strawberries are rich in vitamin C which may help you fight off colds .
Street dance is like that .
Street sellers are selling things .
Strefan GP was built from the remains of the Toyota F1 team .
Strong lasers can be used to cut through metal .
Strong men capable of labor and sentenced to less than 3 years of incarceration were allowed to live .
Strong ropes make climbing possible and special tools attach ropes to cave walls .
Struthers also acted in many motion pictures and other television programs .
Struthers also plays Babette in the television show Gilmore Girls .
Students also do not receive grades for completing their work .
Students and teachers come to Hamilton and spend their money here .
Students are forced to be at the central high school .
Students can choose to go to a school in another district if the parents agree to pay the school tuition .
Students can learn about the country by touching those things .
Students can research books and materials easily by using computers .
Students of Nagar has an organization of their own .
Students usually do individual projects in order to move towards graduation .
Studies have shown that Cattle Egret foraging success is much higher when foraging near a large animal than when feeding singly .
Studies have shown that it is most closely related to the famous Asian dromaeosaurid Velociraptor .
Study using C. elegans was begun in 1965 by Sydney Brenner .
Studying how to do this is called harmonization .
Stuff the body of the chicken with scallion and ginger .
Stun grenades and tear gas were used in an attempt to disperse activists .
Subjects and objects each have a set of security rules .
Subjects in the experimental group also completed a questionnaire evaluating aspects of the film .
Successful conservation involves both technological and behavioral measures .
Successful displays of his drawings and paintings took place in France and London .
Such a baguette usually weighs about 250 grams .
Such a family has not been commonly recognized by taxonomists are the plants involved were usually included in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae .
Such a kind of bank is called a national bank .
Such a pattern occurred in Turkey in the 20th century .
Such a relationship was taboo in America during the 1950s .
Such an example is the Bandicoot rat .
Such beneficial plasmids may be considered bacterial endosymbionts .
Such cases are opportunistic infections .
Such celebrations often have music in them .
Such containers were also used for funerals .
Such efforts have increased its support .
Such equations are satisfied by the coordinates of the points lying on the shape .
Such images are usually based on descriptions of eyewitnesses .
Such lenses are good at focussing sharply on a small area approaching the size of the film frame .
Such mantras do not carry meanings .
Such painkillers are often directly used on the skin .
Such ponds also provide a habitat for several kinds of animals .
Such pressure has been reported to cause intense stress and emotional problems in young girls .
Such problem cases are very few in number .
Such products are also a problem .
Such radiation occurs in outer space and when flying at high altitudes in the Van Allen radiation belts .
Such singers were very sought after in the early days of the opera .
Such systems were in use since the Middle Ages .
Such things have been reported for a very long time .
Such things were added later .
Such using of political ideas against their original purpose is quite usual in politics and happens with many other ideas too .
Suddenly Galerius had the unexpected loss of Italy to Maxentius .
Suddenly John Cena locked Orton in the STFU and Orton tapped and lost the title .
Sugar cane was grown around the city Esperanza where there was a sugar factory .
Suicide bombings and Kamikaze missions are military or paramliitary forms of mass suicide .
Sulfide is a much more powerful reducing agent than oxide .
Sulfur compounds are chemical compounds containing sulfur ions .
Sultan Moulay Youssef followed the decision of the French and moved his home to Rabat .
Summer 1949 had a distraction that Robinson did not want .
Summer in Daegu is hot and humid .
Summit Plummet is a famous water slide in Blizzard Beach .
Sunken valleys often make good harbors .
Sunni Islam is the main religion of the people .
Super Show !
Super Smash Bros. .
Supporting this view was the greatest comparative anatomist and palaeontologist of the early 19th century .
Suppose an experiment set out to sample the incomes of adults .
Suppose the first player is using white pieces .
Surnames by language origin .
Surtr then used his sword to cover the worlds in flame .
Surviving sources present a number of stories about Caligula that illustrate cruelty and insanity .
Sutton then went to Columbia University and got his doctorate in medicine in 1907 .
Svoboda composed TV scores for the German channel ZDF for over 30 years .
Svoboda was found fatally shot in the garden of his villa at Jevany on January 28 2007 .
Svoboda wrote a total of 80 songs for him .
Svoboda wrote scores for almost 90 films and TV series .
Swagger went on to defeat Jericho to win the World Heavyweight Championship for the first time .
Swan dive 5 .
Swanwick had written some stories together with Dozois .
Sweden beat the United States to win the bronze medal .
Swedish divers in diving bells brought up some of Vasas cannons from the sunken ship in the 1660s .
Sweet wine can also be added to the batter .
Sweetness is a taste felt when sugars are in the food .
Swimsuits are more often worn when men and women use a sauna together .
Switzer is one of only two head coaches to win both a college football national championship and a Super Bowl .
Switzer left Oklahoma in 1989 .
Switzer retired from coaching after the following season .
Switzerland called for an international inquiry and summoned the Israeli ambassador .
Switzerland is divided into 26 different areas .
Switzerland thinks the border runs through the middle of the lake .
Sybil and Basil do not appear to really love each other .
Sylt camp held Jewish enforced labourers .
Sylt camp held Jewish enforced labourers and was a death camp .
Symphony no 8 by Shostakovich was one famous work of which they gave the first performance .
Syrups are usually packed when they are hot .
Systematic extermination varied both as to place and form .
Systems theory is the interdisciplinary study of systems in science and society .
TCD once did not allow Catholics to study .
Tabanac is a commune .
Tabi are traditional Japanese socks .
Tabi socks are worn with zori or geta sandals .
Tablet computers include the Samsung Galaxy and the iPad .
Tabriz is situated north of the volcanic cone of Sahand and south of the Eynali mountain .
Tachinidae is a family of flies .
Tachisme is a French art style popular in the 1940s and 1950s .
Tachycardia can be harmful in two ways .
Tachycardia is the fast beating of the heart .
Tacitus was a Roman historian .
Tacloban is a port city in the Philippines .
Tacna Region is the most southern region in Peru .
Tacna is a city in Peru .
Taco Bell is a fast food restaurant that started in the United States in 1958 .
Tacoma is a city in Washington State .
Tacos are popular in the United States .
Tactical voting occurs when a person votes for someone other than their favorite candidate in a way to either help their favorite or achieve some other goal .
Tadpoles enjoy going to the library .
Taekwondo as a sport and as an exercise is popular among people of both sexes and many ages .
Taekwondo is best known for its use of kicks .
Tagalog is one of the main languages spoken in the Philippines .
Tagore also wrote many songs praising the Indian independence movement .
Tagore traveled across the vast estate .
Tagore was a Bengali Brahmin by birth .
Tagore was also an excellent musician and painter .
Tagore was also critical of traditional style of education .
Tagore wrote about half of these stories during the period 1891 to 1895 .
Tagore wrote many stories during the period from 1891 to 1895 .
Tahiti is an island in the southern Pacific Ocean .
Tahiti national football team is the national football team of Tahiti .
Tahlequah is also home to Northeastern State University .
Taifas developed during the history of Iberia .
Taijutsu is a martial art that relies on speed and strength .
Taillades is a commune .
Taillecavat is a commune .
Taillefontaine is a commune .
Taipei 101 does not hold the record for tallest building from ground to pinnacle .
Taito are most famous for making Space Invaders in 1978 .
Taito has been one of the leading makers of coin operated video games in the world for more than thirty years .
Taito was founded in 1953 to import peanuts and vodka to Japan .
Taiwan has three large Han groups .
Taiyuan is the capital of Shanxi province in China .
Tajikistan is a republic .
Tajikistan is landlocked and it is in the middle of the continent of Asia .
Tajikistan is number eight in size of the CIS .
Tajikistan national football team is the national football team of Tajikistan .
Takahashi is known as a graceful skater and a very good spinner .
Takahashi is the first male skater from Japan to win the World Junior Championships and the first male skater from Japan to win a silver medal at the World Championship .
Takahashi went to the 2006 Olympics and placed 8th .
Takalik Abaj shows the first signs of Maya culture that happened by about 400 BC .
Takalik Abaj was a large city with the main buildings in four main groups spread across nine terraces .
Take 1.5 as an example .
Take It Home is a song from the hit debut album by The White Tie Affair called Walk This Way .
Take Me Along
Take Me Out to the Ball Game is a song about baseball .
Take That is an English boyband from Manchester .
Take This to Your Grave is the second studio album by rock band Fall Out Boy .
Take out and mix again .
Takeo Spikes is a football player .
Takeo Wakabayashi is a former Japanese football player .
Takeoff is the opposite of landing .
Taking money from Germany was done after World War I. It did not work .
Taking the square root of both sides gives .
Takoyaki is a popular Japanese food made from flour and octopus .
Taksim Square has a Republican Monument which was built in 1928 .
Talagang Tehsil is one of the largest tehsils in South Asia as it contains 102 villages .
Talagang is a city in Pakistan .
Talais is a commune .
Talence is a commune .
Tales of Adventure was a Canadian TV series .
Tales of Symphonia is a video game released in 2004 for the Nintendo GameCube .
Taliban are still active in the south of the country .
Talissieu is a commune .
Talking Heads were a new wave pop music band from the United States from the late 1970s .
Tallahassee is the capital city of the U.S. state of Florida
Tallassee is a city split between Elmore and Tallapoosa counties in the U.S. state of Alabama .
Tallinn has an interesting history because it was a town which belonged to the Hanseatic league .
Tallinn is the capital of Estonia .
Tallinn today has more than 400.000 inhabitants which is one third of the population .
Talsi is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1917 .
Tamarac is a city of Florida in the United States .
Tamarind is a kind of tree in the Fabaceae family .
Tamaulipas is a state in the northeast of Mexico .
Tambourin also means a special kind of drum from the Provence .
Tamburello or pallatamburello is a traditional sport of Italy since 16th century .
Tamddun Majlish was the founder of the historic Language Movement .
Tameside is a town in the North West of England .
Tamil Jains and Tulu Jains who are native to their region residing in places of TamilNadu and Karnataka early since 1st century BC .
Tamil Nadu is its neighbor on the south and east and Karnataka on the north and east .
Tamil Nadu is one of the states in the south of India .
Tamil art is an important tradition of Indian art .
Tamil folk music is very different from the carnatic music .
Tamil is a language .
Tamil is the language spoken in Tamil Nadu .
Tamil is the one of the oldest living language in the world .
Tamil paintings use rich colors and show minute details .
Tamil people also celebrate Diwali .
Tamil people also have a long tradition of theatrical performance .
Tamil people also have many types of folk dances performed in villages .
Tamil people like to watch movies .
Tamil people live in many geographical regions .
Tamil people living in many other places have also produced literary works .
Tammar Wallabies live in thick scrub during the day and come out into grassland to feed at night .
Tammi died in March of 1970 at the age of 24 from complications of her brain cancer .
Tampa is about 75 minutes to the southwest .
Tampa is the 53th largest city in the USA .
Tampere was started in 1779 .
Tampons can be used to absorb some of the blood .
Tanana is a city in Alaska .
Tando Fazal is a town and Union Council of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
Tando Hyder is a town and Union Council of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
Tando Qaisar is a town and Union Council of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
Tanduay Rhum is an alcohol beverage from the Philippines .
Tanganyika became independent from colonial rule in December 1961 .
Tanganyika is the mainland part of Tanzania .
Tangerine Dream is a German music band that was started in 1967 .
Tanggula railway station is a railway station on the Qingzang railway in Tibet .
Tanggula railway station is less than one kilometre from Tanggula Pass which is the highest point of the Qingzang railway .
Tangipahoa Parish is a parish in the U.S. State of Louisiana .
Tangled Up was a 2007 album by Girls Aloud .
Tangry is a commune .
Tanjore painting is the most important form of painting of Tamil people .
Tank Johnson is a defensive tackle in the NFL for the Cincinnati Bengals .
Tank is a city in Pakistan .
Tanks have tracks that wrap around its wheels to spread out its weight and let it cross rough ground .
Tantalum does not easily corrode .
Tantalum is a chemical element .
Tantalum was named tantalium .
Tantalus was a mortal king in Greek mythology .
Tanuki is a word for the Raccoon Dog in Japanese .
Tanukis are seen in Japanese folk tales .
Tanystropheus is a long necked reptile that lived in the Middle Triassic period .
Tanzania is a country in East Africa .
Tanzania is a multicultural society with people from many different cultures .
Tanzania is a very poor country .
Tanzania national football team is the national football team of Tanzania .
Taoism or Daoism is a type of belief .
Taoists think that words can not be used to say the right things about Tao .
Tape storage has always been used with large computer systems .
Tapestry is art made with threads .
Tapirs also swim very well .
Tapirs are active at night .
Tapirs are the only one of the animals hunted by the big cats of the rain forest .
Tapirs become mature when they are 4 years old .
Tapirs have a rounded body and very short stubby tails .
Tapirs live alone .
Taps usually have a handle that can be turned to start or stop the liquid coming out .
Taqwa is an islam word which means to become more aware of Allah .
Tar is a viscous black liquid .
Tar is also a general disinfectant .
Tar made from coal or petroleum is considered toxic .
Tara Lipinski is an American figure skater .
Taranto also has a large port .
Taranto is a city in the region of Apulia .
Tarantulas are eaten by big snakes and the Tarantula eating wasp .
Tardigrades are able to live in environments that would kill most animals .
Tardigrades can survive more than ten years without water .
Tardigrades feed on plant cells by penetrating the cell wall and eating what is inside .
Tardigrades were first described in 1773 .
Tardigrates can survive a few hours in temperatures close to absolute zero and above boiling point .
Tardinghen is a commune .
Target Field is the home baseball park of the Minnesota Twins .
Targon is a commune .
Targovishte is a town in northeastern part of Bulgaria .
Targum also means translation or interpretation .
Tarja Turunen is a Finnish singer and songwriter .
Tarnish is a layer of corrosion similar to rust .
Taro is a plant used as a vegetable .
Taromancy is when someone looks for information using Tarot cards .
Tarot cards are also used in many European countries for playing trick taking card games .
Tarpon Springs is a city of Florida in the United States .
Tarrant County is a county located in the U.S. state of Texas .
Tarsiers can catch prey like birds even if they are in motion as the tarsiers jump from tree to tree to catch their prey .
Tarsiers give birth to single offspring .
Tarsiers have huge eyes and long feet .
Tartiers is a commune .
Tartu is the second biggest city in Estonia .
Tarzan is a fictional character .
Tasers are used by police officers to stop people who want to hurt them and to stop people who are running away .
Tasers shoot two small pieces of metal called prongs .
Tasers use electricity to shock people so they fall on the ground .
Tashiro was fired from the entertainment world in 2001 because of scandals .
Tasman Peninsula lies south and west of Forestier Peninsula .
Tasmania has some of the most popular tourist attractions in the world .
Tasmania is a large island off the southern coast of mainland Australia .
Tasmania is a state of Australia .
Tasmania is now a state of Australia .
Tasmania is the smallest state in Australia because it has such small land area .
Taste is one of the five senses .
Taste is what a human or animal feels on the tongue when food is in the mouth .
Tastu has since formed a team with former Nexus member Darren Young but lost twice on WWE Superstars to The Usos .
Tatami are individual mats .
Tatami became common for people in the middle of the Edo Era .
Tatami is made from the best igusa with neither discoloration or damage on the stalk .
Tatami is woven with a special machine .
Tatami mats are a traditional Japanese flooring .
Tatami were gradually popularized .
Tatamiberi is the cloth that covers the edge and also decorates the tatami .
Tatarstan is an autonomous republic within Russia .
Tate is used as the name for the corporation which was started by the Museums and Galleries Act 1992 as The Board of Trustees of the Tate Gallery .
Tatinghem is a commune .
Tatsu also formed a tag team with Goldust and they became the number one contenders for the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship but they lost in capturing the titles on which was the final episode of ECW on Syfy .
Tatsu also participated in a Smackdown vs. Raw battle royal during the 2011 WWE Draft but was eliminated by the Big Show .
Tatsu competed in his first Royal Rumble but lost when he was eliminated John Cena .
Tatsu has been teaming with David Hart Smith on Superstars where they beat the team of Primo and Zack Ryder .
Tatsu then went to Japan to promote the new WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2011 video game along with Maryse and after months of not appearing on WWE television he returned on the November 11 episode of WWE Superstars where he defeated Zack Ryder .
Tatsu was drafted to the SmackDown brand as part of the 2011 Supplemental Draft on April 26 .
Tatsu was eliminated by Christian .
Tattooing is an ancient art .
Tattoos became popular in the Western world after contact with American Indians and Polynesians during the 1700s .
Tattoos have also been found on mummies from ancient civilizations in Egypt and Nubia .
Tattoos may be made on human or animal skin .
Taung Child is believed to have been about three years old at the time of its death .
Taunton is a town in the county of Somerset .
Taunton is on the River Tone and takes its name from the river .
Taunton is the county town of Somerset .
Tavares is a city of Florida in the United States .
Tawi river is a major left bank tributary of Chenab River .
Tax is money that people have to pay to the government .
Tax resistance is when people do not pay a tax because they are angry at how the government uses the money .
Taxanes are poisonous alkaloids produced by Yew plants .
Taxanes work mainly by disrupting the function of cell microtubules .
Taxonomically the caecilians are divided into 6 families .
Taxonomy is a science .
Taxonomy refers to biological names and the rules of naming .
Tayac is a commune .
Taylor Mill is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Taylor did not like the idea of the Southern states leaving the United States at all .
Taylor is an English surname .
Taylor knew the difficult life of a military man .
Taylor was a Lieutenant at that time .
Taylor was a general in the United States Army .
Taylorsville is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Tayside was a government region on the east coast of Scotland .
Tbe school was first known as the Oklahoma Colored Agricultural and Normal University .
Tchaikovsky dedicated his Fourth Symphony to her .
Tchaikovsky wrote this piece for Wilhelm Fitzenhagen to play .
Tea came to Japan from China in about 900 AD .
Tea can be made from the flowers .
Tea oil is a sweet seasoning and cooking oil made by pressing the seeds of Camellia sinensis or Camellia oleifera .
Team change there pitchers often because its hard for a pitcher to do a full game of nine innings .
Team results .
Teams can change pitchers during a game .
Teams started to be called the Chicago White Stockings or the St. Louis Brown Stockings because of what colored stockings they wore at the time .
Techniques continued to develop which increased counts greatly despite the crotching ban .
Technology is very advanced and many new cultural trends begin there .
Television also uses radio signals to send pictures and sound .
Television uses higher frequencies than radio .
Television waves and radio waves have lower frequencies and longer wavelengths than microwaves .
Tellurium compounds are chemical compounds containing tellurium ions .
Templates for coloring texts in Wikipedia .
Templates that are member of this category are excluded in offline exports .
Temples at Thanjavur .
Ten percent of people have depression at some time in their lives .
Ten players have won three times and seventeen have won twice .
Tencha leaves are traditionally dried outside in the shade and are always kept away from direct sunlight .
Tennis racquets can be bought at sports equipment stores or department stores .
Tennis racquets come in different sizes and weights .
Tens of thousand of people use the rainbow symbol everyday .
Tere it may also be called a tenancy deposit or in some places a tenancy bond .
Terminal elements and summary elements comprise the work breakdown structure of the project .
Terrorist style attacks in Bengal became linked with the unrest in Punjab .
Terrorists use car bombs more frequently than any other organization .
Tertullian seems to suggest that the majority of believers at that time favored the Sabellian view of the oneness of God .
Tess Gallagher published five Carver stories after he died in a book called Call If You Need Me .
Testicular cancer starts in the testicles .
Tests were run for 90 days in Chicago .
Texas was impacted by severe weather from the storm with tornadoes .
Thallium compounds are chemical compounds that have thallium ions in them .
Thank you .
Thank you . .
That agency requires a homeless count every two years .
That album became one of the most essential house albums of the nineties after that it had been released in 1997 .
That asura was very wicked .
That baby was Dangun .
That band had inspired Radiohead from the beginning .
That belief stems all the way back to ancient civilizations .
That color comes from the beer being stored for some time .
That did not last because people were using too much .
That distinction is reserved for Mount Everest .
That document is called I. 33 and dates from end of the 13th century .
That film was based on the novel by Jan Struther .
That gives a sample of the adult population statified by sex and college education .
That has never been proven and there is no evidence Saddam ever had any ties .
That idea is called a conjecture until they find a proof .
That idea is called the fair tax .
That is about 70 million years .
That is because people can not sit in the first section .
That is because so little light reaches the floor that very few plants can grow there .
That is because they do not get to the root of the problems .
That is changing today .
That is how great his powers were .
That is how he learned a lot of good knowledge about navigation and science .
That is more than twice times as many for Halo 2 .
That is often quite difficult .
That is the beginning of it .
That is the biggest number of people to ever die without a war .
That is the case for most of the human rights .
That is what is called gate .
That is where the name of the species is from .
That is why it is important to have experienced staff .
That is why so many people voted for them .
That is why there are earthquake proof buildings .
That joke about Leather Apron gave me real fits .
That kingdom became known as Italy .
That leads to slight errors in the chronology .
That left Nakajima with no ride in Formula One for 2010 .
That made them to complain to the shepherd to take the sheep and goats to the same place that Halimah takes her flock .
That makes the animals easier to kill .
That makes the pitcher throw the ball slower .
That man was Charles Stanley Gifford .
That means Palestinian National Liberation Movement in English .
That means gallium can be used in computers to make them work .
That means it is always positive .
That means repair or replacement if the article or service is not as good as the warranty says .
That means that it does not need to be watered every day .
That means that it is a unique place and important to the history and culture of the world .
That means that most of the people that lived on the land also belonged to the nobleman .
That means that the lawyer will talk to the judge for the party .
That means the buildings closer to the viewer are taller than the buildings farther away .
That meant replacing the traditional Aboriginal way of life with European ways .
That often means that there must be a remedy .
That other country is Indonesia .
That party was renamed to NSDAP later .
That permits reconstruction of its ecology .
That person is then the winner .
That person then becomes East .
That role earned him an Academy Award as best actor .
That sample had been collected somewhere in South America .
That sort of education was rare before Darwin .
That started his famous European tour .
That team included future Hall of Famers Ted Williams and Bob Lemon .
That title is currently held by Sultan Mizan Zainal Abidin .
That value can only be created with the use of labor .
That was an important change in the province and now Valverde is a province where rice is an important product .
That was one of the parties which joined to form the Deutsche Reichspartei in 1949 .
That was supreme popular .
That way he was able to show that the copying of that text goes back to the to the late 2nd or early 3rd century AD .
That way it is possible to make a two dimensional image of the whole surface of the Earth .
That way the book became a reference book in the libraries of many universities around the globe .
That way they can quickly make use of the nutrients from the recycled plants and animals that have fallen to the floor .
That would be called an epidemiological shift .
Thatcher is the only woman to hold the positions of Prime Minister and Conservative Party leader .
Thats why you will find it near water like a ditch .
The 1.6 kilometre extension includes 1 new station located near the upcoming International Cruise Centre at Marina South .
The 1.8 K.M long bridge has been constructed parallel to historic Hardinge Railway Bridge over the river Padma with the financial assistance from Japan .
The 14th and current Dalai Lama is Tenzin Gyatso .
The 1609 k Indus River and its tributaries flow through the country from the disputed territory of Kashmir to the Arabian Sea .
The 16th century composer Thomas Tallis wrote a motet called Spem in alium which is in 40 parts .
The 18th century saw many countries trying to colonize the islands .
The 1907 Dominican Constitution change its status to province .
The 1907 Dominican Constitution changed its status to province .
The 1940 Bald Eagle Protection Act in the United States also tried to stop the killing of the Bald Eagle and the Golden Eagle .
The 1950 was one of the best for Scott stars dozens of western .
The 1952 season was the last year Robinson was an everyday starter at second base .
The 1992 Winter Paralympics were the first Winter Games to use the same venues as the Winter Olympics .
The 1995 season saw the return of Karl Wendlinger and Heinz Harald Frentzen as the drivers .
The 19th century German writer E.T.A. Hoffmann lived in Bamberg .
The 2 f gauge of the track is unusual .
The 2 met in a title match at Cyber Sunday .
The 20 regions of Italy .
The 20 sections around the outside of the two circles have a number from 1 to 20 .
The 2000 census said the village had a total population of 772 .
The 2001 census population was 944 .
The 2004 Grand Prix was the first held in the Middle East .
The 2007 festival had over 60 events and was held over 5 days .
The 2010 Winter Olympics were held in Vancouver and was the first time Canada won a gold medal on Canadian soil .
The 2010 competition winners were the St Illawarra Dragons .
The 26 cantons of Switzerland are the states of the country of Switzerland .
The 2nd Foreign Parachute Regiment of the French Foreign Legion is based in Calvi .
The 3 year old blockade was upheld by Flotilla 13 .
The 41st fair was held from 21 January to 5 February 2009 .
The 7.5 kilometre extension includes 4 new stations and a depot located near the Tuas Checkpoint .
The A90 road and the Fife Circle Line are two modes of transport in Jamestown .
The AFC Champion and the NFC Champion teams play each other to decide who is the best team in the NFL .
The AFL owners selected Oakland after Los Angeles Chargers owner Barron Hilton threatened to lose his team unless a second team was placed on the West Coast .
The Aardvark is the only surviving member of the family Orycteropodidae and of the order Tubulidentata .
The Aargau Nature Museum opened in 1922 .
The Aboriginal traditional owners of the Park are descendants of various clan groups from the Kakadu area .
The Adelaide store sells more goods than the other stores .
The Administrative Block was renovated in 2007 .
The Administrative Block was the most important building in RI .
The Akkadian language was made the official language of international discourse .
The Al Azhar mosque and university was made in 972 .
The Al teams that win play in the AL Championship Series .
The Albigensian crusade actually failed to destroy the Cathar beliefs from southern France .
The Alliance was founded to protest against such negative coverage in the media .
The Allied forces captured 200 to 600 Croatian Home Guard members .
The Allied forces were split in two by a German armored advance to the Channel coast at Calais .
The Allies and the Germans did not gain or lose any land .
The Allies did not see the Germans coming .
The Allies freed the city in 1944 and it has not since been captured .
The Allies started the battle to cut the way between Japan and its colonies in South East Asia .
The Allies won the battle and occupied Okinawa .
The Almohad empire lost control of its land in Spain and much of its African territory .
The Almohads were Muslims who were taking over parts of Europe at the time .
The Alphabet and The Grandmother are two of his most famous .
The Alphabet is about fear of education .
The Alte Hofhaltung is medieval .
The Amazonian Manatee lives in parts of the Amazon Basin in South America .
The American Central Intelligence Agency was said to be involved in the overthrowing of his government .
The American Charles Goodyear developed a procedure with the juice of the rubber tree into rubber could be processed .
The American Film Institute ranked Dietrich No. 9 amongst the Greatest Female Stars of All Time .
The American School for the Deaf is the oldest school for the deaf in the United States .
The American architect Frank Lloyd Wright discovered ondol in the early 1900s and used it in many of his building designs .
The American business people made Hawaii into a republic for a short time .
The American edition was titled Naked Lunch and was different from the Olympia Press edition .
The American league is currently on a 11 game win streak .
The American sources claim that kamikaze sunk less ships than the Japanese say .
The Angiosperm Phylogeny Group treats Fabaceae in the broad sense .
The Archbishop of Canterbury usually performed coronations .
The Argentine Sarrasani existed until 1972 .
The Armenians believed the Hamidian measures showed the extension of the Turkish state to do a systematic policy of murder and plunder against a small population .
The Army of Northern Virginia would never get their strength back .
The ArtSpace was formerly called the Design Centre .
The Arya Chakaravarthi dynasty ruled over large parts of northeast Sri Lanka until 1619 .
The Assyrians are said to have been one of the first to have done this to their neighbors .
The Athabascans had many camps in the area .
The Athenians lost 192 men and the Plataeans 11 .
The Athletics are a member of the Western Division of the American League .
The Atlantic Ocean is to the north and east of the province .
The Australian Government began an inquiry into land use in the Alligator Rivers region .
The Australian Grand Prix date was changed to avoid interfering with the Commonwealth Games .
The Australian Parliament first met in the Royal Exhibition Building in Melbourne in 1901 .
The Austrian court young Madame Antoine grew up in was already beginning to become much less formal .
The B series and the C series are found by scaling .
The BBL determines the national champion .
The BBWAA began asking three writers in each league city in 1938 .
The BRB is a statutory corporation created by the Transport Act 1962 .
The Baba Yaga is a mythical creature .
The Baboon is the largest type of monkey .
The Babylonian empire was finally brought to an end by Cyrus the Great of Persia .
The Babylonians had a written language that they used for trade and communication .
The Babylonians loved art .
The Babylonians used the same cuneiform system of pressing triangular shapes into soft clay .
The Bach Christian Hospital is situated in the town .
The Badwater Ultramarathon is a race run from the lowest point in North America to the trail head of Mt. Whitney .
The Bahrain Grand Prix is usually the third race on the Formula One schedule .
The Baiu Mountains are a group of mountains in the central part of Romania .
The Bakerloo line is a line on London Underground .
The Bakhshali Manuscript is a mathematical manuscript written on birch bark .
The Bald Eagle eats mostly fish .
The Bald Eagle is a holy bird in some North American cultures .
The Bald Eagle is a large bird .
The Bald Eagle is the national bird of the United States .
The Bald Eagle is very fast when it flies .
The Balfour Declaration of 1917 was a policy by the government of Great Britain to discuss the partitioning of the Ottoman Empire after World War I. The declaration also said that Britain supported plans for a Jewish homeland in Palestine .
The Balkan range runs 560 km from eastern Serbia eastward through central Bulgaria to Cape Emine on the Black Sea .
The Ballan Hotel dates from the gold Rush period in 1851 .
The Ballets Russes had many famous dancers .
The Ballets Russes had more influence on ballet and ballet music than any other ballet company of their time .
The Ballets Russes were a company of ballet dancers whose full title was Les Ballets Russes de Serge Diaghilev .
The Ballon Festival has not been held in Mansfield for several years .
The Baltic Sea is connected to the ocean through the narrow and shallow Danish straits and belts .
The Baluchistan Agency was one of the agencies of British India .
The Baluchistan States Union existed between 3 October 1952 and 14 October 1955 in modern southwest Pakistan .
The Bambara language is spoken mainly by people in the Bambara racial group .
The Banana Republic is the name of a clothing company in the United States .
The Bangla Academy was important in this change .
The Bank Vole leaves parallel grooves with no rough marks .
The Bank of Scotland is a Scottish bank .
The Banksia are noted for there unique flowering .
The Bankstown Bunker was a top secret Australian Air Force base that was once used during the Second World War .
The Bankstown bunker is a three story building that was mostly underground .
The Bantu appear to have been the first .
The Bantu language with the largest total number of speakers is Swahili .
The Bantu languages came from the region of eastern Nigeria or Cameroon .
The Baoruco Province was created in 1943 and then the Pedernales Province in 1957 .
The Barclay is often incorrectly referred to as the Barclay Stand .
The Barn Swallow is the national bird of Estonia .
The Baronets of Nova Scotia were allowed to wear a badge from 1629 .
The Baroque was a time when people liked large spaces and a lot of ornamentation .
The Barossa Valley is famous for making wine and because of this it often has many tourists .
The Barossa Valley is in South Australia .
The Barossa Valley was named in 1837 by a surveyor called Colonel William Light .
The Barrie Colts are a hockey team in the OHL .
The Basilica of Lourdes in France is built at the place where a girl who is now called St. Bernadette had a vision of the Virgin Mary .
The Basilica of the Holy Sepulchre is very unusual because the church is shared by the Catholic and Orthodox Churches .
The Bass Strait separates it from the Australian mainland .
The Battle of Actium decided the final war of the Roman Republic .
The Battle of Berlin was one of the last big battles of Second World War .
The Battle of Bosworth or Bosworth Field was an important battle during the Wars of the Roses in 15th century England .
The Battle of Britain lasted throughout July to October 1940 .
The Battle of Finnburg was a battle between the Frisians and the Danes .
The Battle of Fort Washington was one of the many battles fought in the American Revolutionary War between the United States and Great Britain that took place on 16 November 1776 .
The Battle of Granada was a siege of the city of Granada .
The Battle of Honey Springs was an American Civil War battle .
The Battle of Iwo Jima was the American capture of island of Iwo Jima from the Japanese during the Pacific Campaign of World War II .
The Battle of Kosovo was a battle between Serbian forces and the Ottoman Empire .
The Battle of Leipzig was a battle between Napoleon I and his army and an allied force of several nations .
The Battle of Manzikert played an important role in breaking the Byzantine resistance and preparing the way for the Turkish settlement in Anatolia .
The Battle of Marathon is perhaps now more famous as the inspiration for the Marathon race .
The Battle of Moscow is a name given by Soviet historians to two periods of fighting on a 600 km area of the Eastern Front during World War II .
The Battle of Pharsalus ended the wars of the First Triumvirate .
The Battle of Princeton was a battle during the American Revolution .
The Battle of Santa Rosa was a battle between the forces of Costa Rica and those of Nicaragua .
The Battle of Stalingrad is a battle fought during the Second World War between Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union .
The Battle of Stoney Creek was fought during the War of 1812 in what is now Hamilton .
The Battle of Sunomatagawa was a Japanese battle .
The Battle of Trafalgar was the most important sea battle of the 19th century .
The Battle of Verdun is considered the greatest and lengthiest in world history .
The Battle of Verdun was a battle of the First World War .
The Battle of Waterloo is a battle that was fought primarily between French and British forces .
The Battle of Worcester was the final battle of the English Civil War .
The Battle of Wuhan was a Japanese attack on Wuhan that started on February 1938 and ended on October 1938 .
The Battle of the Alamo lasted almost 90 minutes .
The Battle of the Bulge was a battle of Allied Powers against Nazi Germany that took place during World War II .
The Battle of the Mediterranean was the name given to the naval campaign fought in the Mediterranean Sea during World War II .
The Battle of the Philippine Sea was an important naval battle of the Second World War between by the navies of the United States and Japan .
The Battle of the Somme took place around the river .
The Battle of the Somme was a big battle during World War I. It started on 1 July 1916 and finished without any noticeable change in positions on 13 November 1916 .
The Battle of the Teutoburg Forest was a military battle that took place in the year 9 AD .
The Battles of Lexington and Concord were the first battles of the American Revolutionary War .
The Batura and Passu glaciers and the Karakoram Highway are close to the village .
The Bay Area Rapid Transit is a heavy rail public rapid transit system that serves the Bay Area in northern California .
The Bay Area Rapid Transit train stops there .
The Bay of Bengal is a bay .
The Bay of Campeche is an area in the southwestern Gulf of Mexico .
The Bay of Plenty is a region in New Zealand .
The Bayer designation for stars uses Greek letters to assign names to stars .
The Bayeux Tapestry was made around that time
The Bayeux War Cemetery is the largest British cemetery dating from the Second World War in France .
The Bears won Super Bowl XX in 1985 .
The Beatles film Help !
The Beatles wanted to study with the Maharishi in India .
The Beatles were earlier interested in making a movie about the Maharishi and his work .
The Beatles were not the only celebrities to get involved with the Maharishi and his work .
The Beaufort Sea lies to its west .
The Bengali lyrics are transliterated below .
The Bible tells us that Peter was responsible for letting people who were not Jews become Christians .
The Bidawal Aborigines lived there before Europeans came .
The Big Six are the group of major companies who own them .
The Birth of Venus was at the Medici villa of Castello .
The Black Crown became the emblem of this Tibetan lineage known as the Karma Kagyu .
The Black Pearl and several production vessels were seen on the waters daily as were helicopters filming for overhead shots .
The Blue Period ended in 1904 .
The Bororo Indians live in the Mato Grosso area .
The Boston Bruins have won the most Norris Trophies with 14 .
The Boston Marathon is run on this day every year .
The Boston Red Sox have played a home game at Fenway Park on this day every year since 1960 .
The Bourbon Dynasty ruled France again .
The Bourke family has been in Mayo since the thirteenth century .
The Brahui population is almost completely Muslim .
The Brancacci Chapel is a large chapel at the Church of Santa Maria del Carmine where Masaccio had previously worked painting the procession .
The Brancacci family fell into disgrace and were chased out of Florence .
The Braves went on to win the league title and lose to the Cleveland Indians in the World Series .
The Brazilian navy found his body near an offshore oil platform on 4 July 2008 .
The British Army bands all have a special teams of between four and eight trumpet players to play fanfares .
The British Crown gave him a knighthood in 1915 .
The British Expeditionary Force and many French soldiers were saved by Allied boats from Dunkirk in Operation Dynamo .
The British also established hospitals including Rangoon General Hospital and colleges including Rangoon University .
The British and French commanders had been taken by surprise at the speed of the advance .
The British attacked New Orleans and lost against the Americans and General Andrew Jackson .
The British constructed a new city on a grid plan on delta land .
The British defeated the attacking American forces .
The British developed his portable computer for GRiD Systems Corporation .
The British gained control of both states 1889 and 1892 .
The British got free passage to the Persian Gulf through this agreement .
The British government maintained the administrative control through their political agent in Kalat .
The British had chased them both ways across the ocean .
The British helped the Maltese to stop the French control two years later .
The British landed at Cape Helles and the ANZACs landed at a place later known as Anzac Cove .
The British named the city Port Clarence .
The British soldiers were given cotton pads and respirators .
The British took control of the French areas after a battle on the Plains of Abraham near Quebec City in 1759 .
The British used 10 mines on the first morning of the Battle of Somme to startle and damage the German front line .
The British won the battle .
The Buddha would not say if gods exist or not .
The Budweiser Man of the Match trophy will be awarded to the winning player at the end of the game .
The Bulgarian Foreign Ministry demanded the quick release of two Bulgarian journalists traveling in the convoy .
The Bullseye round is going to come back when the new season stars .
The CANSOFCOM is responsible for providing special forces and asymetric warfare capabilities to Canada .
The CBS version was hosted by Bob Eubanks and ran until 1989 .
The CFL is the second most popular sports league in Canada after the NHL .
The CIBF has had problems in recent years .
The CPU on the original Air was an Intel Core 2 Duo chip especially designed to be 40 percent the size of the standard Core 2 Duo chip .
The CRC Handbook of Chemistry and Physics lists these numbers as do other publications .
The CSIRO are studying cassowary faeces to see if they can use their DNA to count how many birds are left .
The Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine is the highest body of state executive power in Ukraine and serves as the cabinet of government .
The Caesar cipher is a method of cryptography .
The Caesars Palace Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race in 1981 and 1982 .
The Cairo International Book Fair is one of the biggest book fairs in the world with hundreds of book sellers and about two million visitors every year .
The Calgary Stampede is the largest rodeo in the world .
The California Current is a Pacific Ocean current that starts along the northwestern United States coast and ends on the southern tip of the Baja California peninsula .
The California Gold Rush was when a lot of people went to the mountains of California to find gold .
The California Golden Seals were an ice hockey team in the NHL that played from 1966 to 1976 .
The California Polytechnic State University is a public university .
The Call of the Wild is about a dog named Buck who is taken to Alaska to work with a pack of dogs pulling a sled .
The Cambodian economy has been growing rapidly in recent years .
The Cambodian flag has three horizontal bands .
The Cambrian explosion has generated extensive scientific debate .
The Cambrian period marked a profound change in life on Earth .
The Canaanite people lived in this area from about 2000 BCE until the time of the Bible .
The Canadian Albums Chart is the official album sales chart in Canada .
The Canadian Expeditionary Force Command is the branch of the Canadian Forces responsible for military deployments and operations outside Canada .
The Canadian dollar is the national currency of Canada .
The Canadian place of Quebec is to the northwest .
The Canadian province of British Columbia and the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Alaska is in the northern part .
The Canadiens won the NHA title but lost to the Seattle Metropolitans in the Stanley Cup championship .
The Canary Islands is a group of islands off the coast of Morocco .
The Cannes Film Festival is an event held every year in France and features films from around the world .
The Cantons of Switzerland are the top tier administrative subdivisions of the country .
The Canucks joined the NHL in 1970 .
The Canucks just missed the playoffs in 2006 .
The Cape of Good Hope is a place near the far south end of Africa .
The Capetian Dynasty includes any of the direct descendants of Hugh Capet of France .
The Capitol Hill Baptist Church is a Baptist church located on Capital Hill in Washington D.C. Mark Dever serves as the senior pastor of the church .
The Carambola is a tropical fruit .
The Carbon Cycle is a process where carbon is recycled through the ecosystem .
The Carboniferous was the geological period after the Devonian and before the Permian .
The Cardinals or Cardinalidae are a family of passerine birds that live in North and South America .
The Care Bears are a very successful toy franchise from the 1980s .
The Caribbean Sea is a tropical sea in the center of the Caribbean area .
The Caribbean Sea is to the south .
The Caribbean Sea is to the south of the province .
The Caribbean coastline has many good natural harbors .
The Caribbean islands have many different types of land .
The Carme group may once have been a single body that was broken apart by an impact .
The Carnac stones are the largest collection of megalithic standing stones in the world .
The Carnegie Hall was built in 1891 .
The Carnival of Binche is listed with UNESCO as an event of great historic importance because it has been held there in almost the same way for more than 500 years .
The Carolina Hurricanes are an ice hockey team that plays in the NHL .
The Carolina Panthers joined the NFC in 1995 .
The Carolina Parakeet died out for a number of reasons .
The Carolina Parakeet is an extinct species of parrot .
The Carpathians are separated from the Alps by the Danube .
The Carpathians begin on the Danube near Bratislava .
The Carrion beetles also feed on it .
The Catalan language is the 6th most spoken romance language and also is the most spoken language of the European Union that is not official .
The Catalan people have autonomy within Spain .
The Cathar faith was a version of Christianity .
The Cathars believed that the world had been made by a bad god .
The Cathars built fortified homesteads .
The Cathars thus had little competition .
The Cattle Egret has undergone one of the most rapid and wide reaching natural expansions of any bird species .
The Caucasus Mountains is a mountain range in Eurasia .
The Caulfield campus of Monash University and Caulfield Racecourse are close to the station .
The Cayenne pepper is a type of Chili pepper .
The Cayman Islands are a territory of the United Kingdom in the Caribbean Sea .
The Celts basically lived in clans .
The Center develops native plants of Americas and uses the same for cleaning up areas .
The Central African Republic is located just north of the Equator .
The Chalukyas had built some of the very early Hindu temples in India .
The Chapel Royal was not nearly as good as it had been in the 16th and 17th centuries when it had been associated with many famous composers .
The Chapel follows the religion of the Church of England .
The Chilean army confirmed that after thoroughly searching for such weapons throughout the country they had found no significant stocks as the opposition was claiming .
The Cholom is a male dance form of Manipur .
The Christian Church thought that dancing was bad because it was always linked to the devil .
The Christians who had been worshipping secretly in private houses now wanted to build churches .
The Cistercian Order built huge mill complexes all over Western Europe during the medieval period .
The Citadel of Damascus is located in the northwest corner of the Old City .
The City of Nashville and Davidson County joined in 1963 as a way for Nashville to fight the problems of urban sprawl .
The City of Pasadena has recognized Robinson in several ways .
The Civil Rights issues in Alabama influenced her writing more than World War II .
The Cold War began .
The Cold War ended in 1991 .
The College has a very good choir .
The College was started by the Duke of Devonshire in 1867 and has been growing ever since .
The Commonwealth Games are like the Olympics for people who used to be ruled by Britain .
The Communal Palace is now the home of San Gimignano Gallery .
The Communist Party of Germany also made gains .
The Communists left to a fort that they owned .
The Condottieri of Middle Ages Italy are well known examples of warlords .
The Confederates managed to hold the key positions on the battlefield against numerous Union charges .
The Confederation has since adopted a Tamil flag and Tamil song to act as symbols for the Tamil people living in different countries .
The Conference has been meeting regularly .
The Congolese town of Zongo is on the opposite side of the river from Bangui .
The Congress Party won 26 seats and the Akali Dal 19 seats .
The Consul Varro was a man of reckless and hubris nature .
The Consuls had to switch their command on a daily basis .
The Cordillera Central is in the southern half of the province .
The Corner Stand was built in the summer of 1998 .
The Council of Trent marks the end of the medieval Roman Catholic Church .
The Countach is named after the type of fighting bull .
The Countach was replaced by the Lamborghini Diablo .
The Covenant are not aware of this and are attempting to fire Halos as part of a false religious prophecy .
The Covenant board the Pillar of Autumn to kill the humans .
The Covenant declared religious war on humanity .
The Covenant declared religious war on the humans .
The Covenant do not know this and are attempting to fire Halos as part of a wrong religious prophecy .
The Covenant have come to take the portal that will allow them to get to the new Halo so they can fire it .
The Cristal Palace can be found in this park .
The Crocodile Dundee movies were made here .
The Crown Prince is the Honorary President of the Bahrain Motor Federation .
The Crown was at the height of its power during the reign of Henry VIII .
The Cultural Center used to be a railway station and it was rebuilt and changed into a cultural center in 1999 .
The Curse was turned back at Voldemort and ripped his soul from his body .
The Czech Republic had gone out in support for Israel and declared that the Turkish flotilla was made to provoke Israel in to a military or political trap . .
The DNA tests came back and showed that he really was Saddam Hussein .
The DYS is a program helping the gifted people between 5 and 17 .
The Daewoo Leganza is a automobile produced by GM Daewoo .
The Dahlerau train disaster was a railway disaster that happened on 27 May 1971 .
The Daihatsu Motor Company Ltd. makes small cars and trucks .
The Daily Express is a British newspaper .
The Daily Mirror is a British newspaper .
The Daily News of New York City is a daily tabloid newspaper .
The Daily and Sunday Mirror are now printed at Watford and Oldham by Trinity Mirror .
The Daintree Rainforest is loosely defined as the area between the Mossman Gorge and the Bloomfield River .
The Dalai Lama is a religious figure in Tibetan Buddhism .
The Daleks are a fictional alien race of mutants from the British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
The Dallas Grand Prix was a Formula One World Championship motor race in 1984 .
The Danish krone is the money used in Denmark and Greenland .
The Danube is an important waterway .
The Danubian Hills is a area located in Slovakia between the Danube plain to the South and the Little Carpathian Mountains to the North .
The Darfur conflict is an ongoing armed conflict between the Janjaweed militia group and the tribes of the region .
The Dark Kangaroo Mouse is also known to feed occasionally on insects and carrion .
The Darling does not have an even flow of water .
The Dauphin had a private chapel and Charpentier wrote religious music for him .
The Dave Matthews band has a unique style that stretches across many genres .
The Davidson Academy was founded by Bob and Jan Davidson .
The Deacon pretends to kill the Mariner and Helen by firing a gun into the sky .
The Deaflympics is specially for deaf athletes .
The Death Eaters all escape afterwards .
The Declaration of Indulgence was a statement that gave religious freedom to those who did not agree with the Church of England .
The Deep Water Harbour in Basseterre is capable of both hosting and berthing of cruise ships or the handling of cargo .
The Defense Department of the US Government has also said that there was a solid basis for a claim for the territory .
The Democratic Party realized that whoever they selected as Vice President could potentially be the next president of the United States .
The Democratic Republic of East Timor or Timor Leste is a country in Southeast Asia .
The Department of the Taoiseach helps the Taoiseach to do his job .
The Devil tells Faust he can have anything he wants .
The Diablo is named after a fighting bull .
The Diet declared Luther an outlaw .
The Dimension of a given vector space is the number of elements of the basis .
The Director of the Office of Insular Affairs intends that nothing in this notice shall deny or impair the right of innocent passage in the waters surrounding Navassa Island .
The District is of semi rectangular shape and has sandy land .
The Dodgers had three other black players besides Robinson .
The Dodgers tried Robinson in the outfield and as a third baseman .
The Domincan Convent was begun in the early 1400s .
The Dominican Constitution of 1907 changed the Maritime Districts to province .
The Downtown Line is being built now in three parts .
The Drake Passage is directly to the south of it .
The Dutch explorer Abel Tasman was the first European to explore Tasmania .
The Dutch lost control of New Netherland forever to the English in November 1674 by treaty .
The Dutch professor Francois de la Boe Sylvius believed that all disease was the outcome of chemical processes .
The Dutch were the ones who named the island in honor of Prince Maurits van NASSAU .
The Dwarf Cassowary has no wattles .
The ECSC was set up in 1967 by the West Indies Associated States Supreme Court Order No. 223 of 1967 .
The EPBC Act provides for boards of management to be established for parks on Aboriginal land .
The Earl Marshal is a member of the Royal Household and is in charge of organising royal ceremonies and processions .
The Earth Hour is an event organized by the WWF .
The Earth changes greatly from place to place .
The Earth is almost entirely covered with water .
The Earth is part of the Solar System and orbits the sun along with thousands of small objects and eight planets .
The Earth is the only terrestrial planet with active plate tectonics .
The Earth is the third planet from the Sun .
The Earth orbits or goes around the Sun roughly once every 365.25 days .
The Earth takes about 24 hours to complete one day and about 365 days to complete a year .
The East Anglia Transport Museum is a transport museum that is completely outside .
The East Asian tradition of calligraphy originated and developed in China .
The East China Sea is a marginal sea east of China .
The East Midlands is one of the regions of England and is the eastern half of the Midlands .
The East River is a tidal strait in New York City .
The East Stand is a two level development completed in 1993 .
The East West Line Tuas West Extension is a elevated westward extension from Joo Koon Station .
The East West MRT Line was the 2nd Mass Rapid Transit line in Singapore .
The East of England is a region in England .
The Easter Bilby is an Australian alternative to the Easter Bunny .
The Easter Bunny will either put the baskets in a certain place or hide them somewhere in the house for the children to find when they wake up in the morning .
The Easter egg tradition may have celebrated the end of the privations of Lent .
The Eastern Front of World War I was the battle line on the border of Germany and Russia .
The Eastern Grey Kangaroo can travel very fast over land .
The Eastern Grey is also the kangaroo on the Australian Coat of Arms .
The Eastern Grey is the species most commonly seen in Australia .
The Eastern Orthodox Church is a Christian church .
The Edo period began in 1600 after the Battle of Sekigahara .
The Election Riot of 1874 occurred near Comer .
The Elgin Marbles are marble sculptures from the Parthenon that are on display in the British Museum .
The Elkasaites were a Christian baptismal sect which may have been related to the Mandaeans .
The Emperor gave her the flag as a gift .
The English Army and Navy went over to William .
The English destroyed most of the French fleet and made it impossible for France to invade England .
The English word is traced back to Tongan tapu or the Fijian tabu .
The Enthronement of the Sacred Heart is a Catholic ceremony in which a priest or head of a household consecrates the members of the household to the Sacred Heart .
The Escalade and Escalade EXT pickup are the two of only three Cadillac vehicles that are made outside of the United States .
The Ethiopian Wolf is one of the rarest and most endangered of all canids .
The Eureka house was restored and opened to the public as a museum in 1986 .
The European Contract of 1992 was signed in Maastricht .
The European Union has made a few symbols that warn of dangers and that should be easy to understand .
The Europeans also traded beaver furs to the First Nations .
The Evangelical Lutheran Church in Laubach used to be named St. Maria .
The Exploration and Production division prospects for and extracts natural gas and oil from the ground .
The FIA announced on 24 March 24 2006 that future races will again be held at Fuji Speedway .
The FIA ruled that Stefan GP could not be entered for the season at such a late stage .
The FIA rules require each team to design their own chassis .
The Falkland Islands are 480 kilometres from Argentina in the southern Atlantic Ocean .
The Falklands War was a war between the United Kingdom and Argentina over the Falkland Islands in 1982 .
The Fallopian tubes can move around the pelvis .
The False gharial is threatened with extinction throughout most of its range due to the drainage of its freshwater swamplands and clearance of surrounding rainforests .
The Fanjunkare is a military rank in some countries .
The Faroes have their own representatives in the Nordic Council .
The Farsala Trilogy is a series of three fantasy books that are written by Hilari Bell .
The Fatimid dynasty finally ended in 1171 .
The Fatimids established the Egyptian city of Cairo as their capital .
The Fauves were a group of French painters who did not want to paint realistic landscapes and portraits like the Impressionists whose work was very popular at that time .
The Federation ended a short time after independence because Senegal left on August 20 1960 because they had a disagreement about politics .
The Film begins in the year 1505 .
The First Fleet carried the convicts and soldiers to Australia to start a penal colony .
The First World War is often shortened to WWI .
The Fisherman bat Lives in Latin America and the Caribbean .
The Flemish name for it is Henegouwen .
The Flood want to escape Halo and infect other species .
The Flood want to use every living thing in the galaxy for food .
The Forum incuded statues of heroes of the Ancient world .
The Forum tower features guest suites with 1000 s of space .
The Franks were afraid of what might happen to them if they stayed in Germany .
The Fraser drains most of the southern Canadian Cascades .
The French invaded Morocco in 1912 and established a protectorate .
The French king also married the Infanta Marie Therese .
The French rule was not popular and in 1800 Maltese rebels invited the English Royal Navy to come to the island .
The French then lost quickly .
The French took terrible casualties as they circled these impregnable formations of infantrymen .
The French under the rule of Napoleon took over Malta in 1798 .
The French won and the English lost badly .
The Gabonese Republic or Gabon is a country in Africa .
The Gaelic Irish lords were now entitled to attend the Irish Parliament as equals of the majority of English descent .
The Galena lead mines opened 1919 .
The Galilean moons are the four satellites of Jupiter found by Galileo Galilei .
The Gallardo is named after a type of fighting bull .
The Gallic group is a dynamical grouping of the prograde irregular satellites of Saturn following similar orbits .
The Game Boy Advance SP is better than the Game Boy Advance in a few ways .
The Game Boy Advance SP is made by Nintendo .
The Game Boy Advance SP was an improved version of the GBA .
The Game Boy Advance is a handheld that had better color and smaller cartridges .
The Game Boy Advance is a handheld video game console made by Nintendo which can play Game Boy games and Game Boy Color games .
The Game Boy Color was the first Game Boy in color .
The Game Boy Light was only in Japan and had a backlight so people could see better .
The Game Boy Micro is a smaller GBA .
The Game Boy Player allows a person to be able to play Game Boy Advance games on the Nintendo GameCube .
The Game Boy had a green screen that could show four shades of gray or dark green .
The Game Boy had a link cable and a link port which let it connect with other Game Boys .
The Game Boys are a group of handheld video game consoles made by Nintendo .
The Games were open to athletes in wheelchairs .
The Ganges flows only 200 km through the Himalayas .
The Gao Region is located in eastern Mali .
The Garden dormice in western Asia and north Africa have been separated into their own species Eliomys melanurus .
The Garibaldi Volcanic Belt is the northern extension of the Cascade Volcanic Belt in the northwestern United States and contains the most explosive eruptions in Canada .
The Gatcombe parish was established in 1560 .
The Gauls decided to join the Carthaginians .
The Gaza Strip is a stretch of land along the Mediterranean .
The Gaza flotilla raid is an event that occurred on 31 May 2010 .
The Gaza strip is part of the Palestinian Arab nation of Palestine .
The Gemara was written down around the year 500 .
The Genetic Opera .
The Genoise citadel constructed in 1440 .
The German immigrants learned Portuguese and followed a Brazilian way of life .
The German opera composer Richard Wagner got the opera house built so that his own music could be performed properly .
The German professor Wilhelm Fabry believed that breast cancer was caused by a milk clot in a mammary duct .
The German shot the Americans and 86 of them were killed .
The German strategic offensive named Operation Typhoon was planned to attack Moscow from the north and south .
The German word Leiter means leader .
The Germanic warriors surrounded the entire Roman army and rained down javelins on the intruders .
The Germans atttacked on 16 December .
The Germans kept this a secret until after the war .
The Germans then started to use a different gas called phosgene which they mixed with the chlorine .
The Germans used poisonous gases as weapons first .
The Giant Galliwasp is an endangered specie .
The Giants have won six World Series championship titles .
The Giemsa stain is put on the slide .
The Gnostic account of Barbelo is quite similar to Tantric thought .
The Gold Rush was the time after gold was found in California .
The Golden Bowerbird sits on a bridge he has made between sticks decorated like maypoles .
The Gospel of Luke says that an angel came to Mary to tell her that she would give birth to a Son and she should call him Jesus and that he would save people from their sins .
The Government of India has recently recognized Tamil language as one of the classical languages of India .
The Government of Zanzibar legalized foreign exchange bureaux on the islands .
The GranTurismo has six generations .
The GranTurismo was first shown at the 2007 Geneva Motor Show in Geneva .
The Grand Bassin is a holy lake for Mauritian of Hindu faith .
The Grandmother is about a lonely boy who grows a grandmother like a plant from a seed .
The Great Barrier Reef lies off the east coast and is an important marine habitat .
The Great Dividing Range area receives between 750 to 900 mm annual median rainfall .
The Great Leap Forward and the Cultural Revolution were two of the things that Mao did that many people disliked .
The Great Mughal Empire begins in 1526 .
The Greek original text speaks about elpis .
The Greek term carcinoma is a medical term .
The Grey Cup is the championship for the CFL .
The Grizzlies were originally going to be called the Vancouver Mounties but were forced to change their name because the RCMP objected it .
The Gunn Club is a catering facility behind The Barclay .
The HMS Challenger expedition found radiolaria in the two dredged samples taken when the Challenger Deep was first discovered .
The HSK is primarily conducted in Simplified Chinese .
The HSV is with 40.000 members the third biggest association of Germany .
The Haber process is named after the German scientist Fritz Haber .
The Haber process uses a catalyst mostly made up of iron .
The Hadean is the geological eon before the Archaean .
The Hail Mary is used within Roman Catholicism as the basis of the Rosary .
The Hainish Cycle is the setting for a few science fiction books and stories that were written by Ursula K. Le Guin .
The Haitian city of Ouanaminthe is also close to the river .
The Halberd is still the ceremonial weapon of the Swiss Guard in the Vatican .
The Halberd was popular during the 14th and 15th centuries .
The Hall of Fame does not allow people who were kicked out of baseball to be in its museum .
The Hall of Fame opened in 1939 .
The Hall of Fame was started to help bring visitors to Cooperstown which had been poor for a long time .
The Halo of the games title is the name of a series of space super wepons built by a mysterious race called the Forerunners a long time before the game .
The Hamidian massacres took place around 1895 until 1897 .
The Hamilton Bulldogs of the American Hockey League play at Copps Coliseum .
The Hamilton Spectator also hosts amateur indoor games .
The Hamilton Spectator newspaper has been around since the 1840s .
The Hampshire College faculty are not organized in traditional departments but in loosely collected Schools .
The Han Dynasty came to power in 202 BC .
The Han River is a major river in South Korea and the fourth longest river in the Korean Penisula .
The Han River played an important role in Korean History .
The Han dynasty was a very important period in Ancient China and many consider it to be the golden age of China .
The Hanseatic League chose him as their patron saint .
The Happy Mondays were an alternative rock band from Manchester who became popular in the 1980s .
The Harlem Globetrotters are an exhibition basketball team that combines athleticism and comedy .
The Harmonia Macrocosmica is a star atlas by Andreas Cellarius .
The Harrier can carry different equipment for each mission .
The Harrier is used by many military forces .
The Harrier was used a lot during the Falklands War .
The Harry Potter books are a popular series of fantasy books by J. K. Rowling .
The Harry Potter role has earned much money for Radcliffe .
The Hart Trophy is given to the most valuable player of the National Hockey League every year .
The Hash function is a function .
The Hassan II Mosque is located in Casablanca .
The Havelland district mainly consists of the areas north of the Havel river .
The Hawk is a bird of prey and those types of birds are called raptors .
The Hazel Dormouse is a European Protected Species and is protected in the UK under the Wildlife and Countryside Act .
The Hazel Dormouse is native to northern Europe and Asia Minor .
The Hazel Dormouse is the only small mammal in Britain to have a completely furry tail .
The Hazel Dormouse needs different food sources at different times of year is required to survive .
The Health Center is open daily except on Thursdays .
The Hebrew word hanukkah means dedication .
The Heimat Museum is the local history museum .
The Hindu scriptures say that Manu was the first man in the world .
The Hindu scriptures tell a story about this avatara .
The Hindu scriptures tell this story about narashimha avatara .
The Hindu tradition calls Ganesha as the Vighneshvara .
The Hindu tradition states that Valmiki wrote the Ramayana .
The Hindus celebrate it with reverence and festivity in Maharashtra and it has also become popular in other parts of India .
The Home Guard were set up in 1940 to protect Britain in the case of invasion .
The House Elves are very honorable .
The House is managed by a director changed every four years .
The Huguenots there rebelled in 1627 and 1628 .
The ICC was tasked with advocating for the rights of athletes with a disability in front of the IOC .
The IPC has established six disability groups .
The IPC has governance over several of the sports but not all of them .
The IPC is responsible for organizing the Summer and Winter Paralympic Games .
The IPC is the global ruling body of the Paralympic Movement .
The IPC responded by starting an investigation of its own .
The IPN has 27 sports teams .
The Iapetus Ocean was positioned between continental masses that would at a much later time roughly form the opposite shores of the Atlantic Ocean .
The Independent State of Croatia was created and supported by Nazi Germany and Fascist Italy .
The Independent State of Samoa is a country in Pacific Ocean .
The Indian Pacific train also stops twice a week .
The Indricotherium is the largest land mammal known .
The Indus Waters Treaty signed in 1960 resolved most of these disputes over the sharing of water .
The Indus continues into the Arabian Sea .
The Inheritance Cycle by Christopher Paolini .
The International Criminal Court in The Hague looked for him .
The International Crisis started at the Kindu Station and Kisangani International Soldiers Base .
The International Money Fund demanded cuts to spending .
The International Pau Casals Cello Competition is held in Germany once every four years .
The Intracoastal Waterway separates it from the cities of West Palm Beach and Lake Worth .
The Iranian government has called for a boycott of Israel .
The Israeli military said that the troops were suddenly attacked after climbing down roapes from helicopters onto the deck of the ship .
The Israeli solders said that the activists wore gas masks and ski masks .
The Italians used hemp and linen rags .
The JGF is led by Tipu Biswas .
The JGF used to be part of the Workers Party of Bangladesh but split from them in 1995 .
The JVM is an important component of the Java Platform .
The Jadgal people are a tribe which live in Pakistan and Iran .
The Jadgal people speak the Jadgali language .
The Jagdgeschwader 1 was a German flying command of the First World War .
The Jallianwala Bagh Massacre was the killing of unarmed people by the troops of the British Raj .
The Jalpa is named after the type of fighting bull .
The Jalpa was replaced by the Lamborghini Gallardo .
The Jamaat was banned after Bangladesh became an independent country and its top leaders fled to West Pakistan .
The Jamaat were against Bangladesh becoming independent from Pakistan as they thought it was against Islam .
The James Norris Memorial Trophy has been awarded 53 times to 22 different players since it was first created in 1954 .
The Jamot Qomi movememt was founded by Mir Gul Hassan Manjhoo Let to provide a political platform for the Jamot people of Balochistan in 1996 in Dera Murad Jamali .
The Jamote Qaumi Movement is a political party in the Balochistan province of Pakistan .
The Japan Cup is the most important horse race in Japan .
The Japan Media Arts Festival is a festival held in Japan .
The Japanese Grand Prix did not return to Formula One for another decade .
The Japanese Grand Prix has been hosted by both the Fuji Speedway and the Suzuka Circuit .
The Japanese Grand Prix is a race the FIA Formula One World Championship calendar .
The Japanese Ministry of International Trade and Industry gave Taito a commendation prize for enterprise in 1970 .
The Japanese gathered all the ships they had left to fight the Allied troops .
The Japanese have Kanji for many words .
The Japanese industry had little resources and was very poor compared to the American .
The Japanese industry had little resources and was very poor compared to the American industry .
The Japanese kickboxing is called in English oriental kickboxing .
The Japanese medical community found that the bone marrow of victims of the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki was completely destroyed .
The Japanese money was called the yen .
The Jasenovac Memorial Museum was temporarily abandoned during the Yugoslav wars .
The Jasenovac complex was built between August 1941 and February 1942 .
The Java platform refers to a group of software products from Sun Microsystems .
The Javanese language is a Austronesian language .
The Jay Treaty was a treaty between the United States and Britain in the years following the American Revolution .
The Jews are the bane of the human kind .
The Jidaimono are plays which show the world of samurais or court nobles before the Edo period .
The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts awards this prize every year .
The Jordan team was taken over and renamed Midland for the 2006 season .
The July Budget seemed exceptionally austere for a government dependent on Independent TDs support .
The Junior Block was built in 1997 .
The KKH passes trough this district and has a 60 km stretch in the district .
The KTEL terminal is also located in the square of Fira next to the taxis .
The Ka Mate haka is performed by many New Zealand sports teams before games .
The Kaaba is the holiest place in Islam .
The Kagyu school generally emphasises faith in the spiritual teacher or Lama and meditation practice over study .
The Kagyu teachings originated with the Indian mahasiddhas Tilopa and his student Naropa .
The Kaiten was not very effective .
The Kakapo can live for about 60 years .
The Kalahari supports some animals and plants because most of it is not a true desert .
The Kalgan River is located in Western Australia near Albany .
The Kamakura period ended in 1333 with the destruction of the shogunate .
The Kamakura period is the time from roughly 1185 through 1333 in the history of Japan .
The Kansas City Athletics designed new white shoes in the 1960s .
The Kansas River and Missouri River meet one another in Kansas City .
The Kansas Turnpike Authority does not need tax money to pay for repairs to the road .
The Kansas Turnpike was built between 1954 and 1956 .
The Kapellmeister was like a Director of Music .
The Kapingamarangi people live a simple life .
The Kappa to be the size of a 6 to 10 year old boy .
The Karakoram Highway is a road that connects China and Pakistan .
The Karen languages are tonal languages spoken by the Karen people .
The Kariba Dam is a hydroelectric dam in the Kariba Gorge of the Zambezi river basin between Zambia and Zimbabwe .
The Kashrut laws say that products classified as meat must not be eaten in the same meal with dairy products .
The Kassite dynasty dominated Mesopotamia from the 16th to the 12th century BC .
The Kate Greenaway Medal is an award that was created in the United Kingdom in 1955 .
The Kavirondo bury their dead .
The Kavirondo have great faith in divination from the entrails of a sheep .
The Kawaramachi and Shijo streets cross over the underground station .
The Kayes Region is located in eastern Mali .
The Kelco Company was the first company to produce xanthan gum in the early 1960s .
The Kennedy Center Honors are given every year to the people who have greatly helped the cultural life of the United States .
The Kennedy Center honored Davis in 1987 .
The Khattar family of this village has played a very important role in the progress of the country and the region .
The King appealed to the nations of Western Europe for help and tarried with the convocation of the Sejm .
The Kingdom of Bahrain is an island nation in the Persian Gulf .
The Ku Klux Klan is an example of a hate group .
The Kunar meets the Kabul near Jalalabad .
The Kuwaiti monarchy made Saddam even angrier by drilling oil out of Iraqi wells .
The La Romana province is in the southeast part of the country .
The Labor Party won the general election in 1945 for the first time .
The Lachlan River was explored by John Oxley in 1817 .
The Lachlan does not gets its water from melting snow like the Murrumbidgee River or the Murray River .
The Lachlan has flooded every 7 years since 1887 at Forbes .
The Lachlan river is in the area where the aboriginal people called the Wiradjuri lived .
The Lady Byng Memorial Trophy has been awarded 84 times to 50 different players since it was first awarded in 1925 .
The Lady Penrhyn was a ship of 338 tons under the command of William Cropton Server .
The Lady Penrhyn was one of six convict transport ships in the First Fleet .
The Lady Penryhn got back to England in August 1789 .
The Lady of the Lake is a character of Arthurian legend .
The Lake Superior agate is a type of agate stained by iron and found on the shores of Lake Superior .
The Lake Turkana area is regarded by many anthropologists as the cradle of humankind due to the abundance of hominid fossils .
The Lamborghini Countach is a sport car that was built by Lamborghini from 1974 to 1990 .
The Lamborghini Diablo is a sport car that was built by Lamborghini from 1990 to 2001 .
The Lamborghini Jalpa is a sport car that was built by Lamborghini from 1981 to 1988 .
The Lamborghini Miura is a sport car that was built by Lamborghini from 1966 to 1972 .
The Lancia Dedra is a automobile produced by Lancia .
The Lancia Lybra is a automobile produced by Lancia .
The Lancia Thema is a automobile produced by Lancia .
The Lancia Thesis was a automobile produced by Lancia from 2002 to 2009 .
The Land of Kalevala is the land of Heroes .
The Lapps survived in their harsh homeland by domesticating the reindeer .
The Lapps were able to get everything they needed from the deer .
The Lapps were very careful not to waste anything they got from the reindeer .
The Lapps would live nearby in homes made of logs or sod .
The Latin name of the familiy of those fish is Clupeidae .
The Latin name of the plant is usually given as Daucus carota .
The Latin text is now the official text of reference the contents of the first French text were amended at a few points .
The Lauraceae or Laurel family comprises a group of flowering plants included in the order Laurales .
The Laurales are an order of flowering plants .
The Laws of war are some simple rules which most people accept about fighting .
The Leakeys became international figures and had no trouble finding funds from then on .
The Lesser Sunda Islands are the south eastern islands of Indonesia as well as East Timor .
The Library is a world leader in digital preservation techniques . .
The Library keeps the National Reserve Braille Collection .
The Library of Congress and the United States Supreme Court building are just east of the Capitol .
The Lincolns loved one another very much .
The Lions Gate Bridge is located in Vancouver .
The Liverpool and Manchester Railway was the first passenger railway in the world .
The London Borough of Hackney has one station located on its western border .
The London Borough of Lewisham previously had two Underground stations on the East London Line but these have been transferred to the London Overground network .
The London Underground had an electric locomotive built by Vickers named after her .
The Long Beach Police Department was waiting for him .
The Long Count was used to track periods of time longer than the 52 years of the Calendar Round .
The Lorze feeds the lake at the northern shore .
The Lutheran Church was started .
The M1 motorway serves the three largest cities .
The MC12 was closely based on the Enzo Ferrari .
The MC12 was succeeded by the Maserati MC12 Corsa in 2006 .
The MIPS architecture has instructions which are 32 bits long .
The MMORPG World of Warcraft is based on these games .
The MNJC is being developed as an alternate route to the Northern Areas of Pakistan .
The MONUC documents details some of atrocities and loss for NATO and European Peace Keepers .
The MP for Eastbourne is Nigel Waterson of the Conservative Party .
The MRI scanner detects those special signals .
The MSC system is used by many journals of mathematics which ask authors to list the MSC subject codes in their papers when submitted for publication .
The MU is actually just one of an infinite number of different universes .
The MU is where most of the main stories published by Marvel Comics takes place .
The MV Rachel Corrie gave in and hoisted the white flag of truce when boarded by the Israeli navy .
The Mac Mini is a desktop computer made by Apple Inc. .
The Mac Mini is the first Macintosh desktop to not ship with a keyboard or mouse .
The Mac Pro is a workstation computer made by Apple Inc. .
The MacBook Air has been updated four times since the original release .
The MacBook Air was greeted with mixed reception when it was introduced .
The Macbook Pro was first introduced on January 2006 at the Macworld Expo .
The Macbook was introduced by Apple in May 2006 .
The Macedonian language uses a Cyrillic alphabet .
The Macintosh Classic is a computer made by Apple Inc. in late October 1990 and sales ended September 1992 .
The Macquarie Marshes then drain into the lower Barwon River and then into the Darling River
The Macquarie River flows for 626 kilometres and drops around 517 metres over its length .
The Macquarie River has a history of flooding .
The Macquarie River is one of the main inland rivers in New South Wales .
The Madras Presidency became a part of the British Raj .
The Magic Kindgom is the most visited theme park in the world .
The Magic Kingdom also hosts a parade called Spectromagic and a fireworks display called Wishes .
The Magna Carta led to the constitutional rule of today .
The Magna Carta was sent out again in 1220 by Henry III .
The Magnetic field is the area around a magnet in which a magnetic force is exerted .
The Mahabharata in its eighteen sections deals with a number of topics .
The Mahabharata was compiled in Ancient India .
The Mahamudra meditation teachings are meditations of concentration and awareness which allow the practitioner to realize the nature of his or her mind .
The Mahasiddhas are actual people who lived in the past who had magical powers because of their spiritual practice .
The Maibi community holds the Laiharaoba festival .
The Maibis dance and show the formation of earth and life .
The Major Oak is the main Tree in Sherwood Forest .
The Malay language is one of the major languages of the world .
The Malays are an ethnic group .
The Malays play a dominant role politically and are included in a grouping identified as bumiputera .
The Maldives are a group of islands in the Indian Ocean .
The Mali Empire was a west African country from 1235 to 1645 .
The Mali Federation was a country in the west of Africa .
The Maltese Lira was better known as the Maltese Pound because of the strong links to the United Kingdom .
The Maltese language gained a lot from this .
The Manchester Monarchs are a American professional ice hockey team that began playing in 2001 .
The Manchester Ship Canal was created by the digging of canals in the rivers Irwell and Mersey for 36 m from Salford to the Mersey estuary .
The Manchester code is a binary encoding which also encodes the clock signal .
The Manchukuo yuan would buy 24 grams of silver .
The Manchukuo yuan would buy 24 grams of silver in 1932 .
The Mandaeans have many religious texts .
The Mandala acts as a support for anyone in meditation .
The Mandinka people lived there .
The Manhattan Project was the program in which the United States tried to make the first nuclear weapons .
The Manics released their debut album Generation Terrorists in 1992 .
The Manitoba Moose are a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League .
The Manx is a breed of domestic cat .
The Manzai performed with the incidental music .
The Marco Polo sheep is particularly known for its long horns .
The Margraviate of Baden was made in 1112 .
The Mariana Trench is the deepest known submarine trench .
The Marianas are the northernmost islands of a larger island group called Micronesia .
The Mariner does not accept their offer .
The Mariner drops the flare into the oil hold .
The Mariner frees Enola and escapes the ship .
The Mariner goes after the Exxon Valdez on a stolen jetski .
The Mariner tells everyone that he is going to rescue Enola .
The Mariner walks out onto the empty deck of the ship and threatens to throw a flare down into the oil holds unless the Deacon returns Enola .
The Marines used fire as both a casualty weapon as well as a psychological weapon .
The Mario Kart series is a type of Mario sports game .
The Mario Kart series is the most successful racing video game series of all time .
The Mark Twain Prize for American Humor is a prize for comedians .
The Markhor is the National animal of Pakistan .
The Maroon Berets are an elite armed force that was created by officers from the Turkish Army .
The Maroon Berets are the special forces organization of the Turkish Army .
The Marshall Plan ended in 1952 .
The Marsupial Lion could weigh up to 130 k. It was about 1.5 m long and stood about 75 c tall .
The Marten is a small mammal in the family Martes family .
The Marun field is a large oil field in Iran .
The Mary Rose was a ship which belonged to Henry VIII of England .
The Maserati MC12 was a sport car that was built by the Maserati company from 2004 to 2005 .
The Masoretes also added vowel points to make the Bible easier to read because the Hebrew writing does not show vowels .
The Masoretes also wrote book about the Bible called the Masorah .
The Masoretes were very careful when they copied the Bible .
The Masoretic Text is a copy of the Hebrew Bible that was written by the Masoretes between the 6th and 10th centuries .
The Masoretic Text is an authority because it is the source for most translations of the Hebrew Bible or the Old Testament .
The Massachusetts Bay Colony was a small town in the modern state of Massachusetts .
The Massachusetts Bay Colony was the place where Thanksgiving was first celebrated .
The Massif Central is a range of mountains in the south of France .
The Massif Central is a very important mountain range in France .
The Master Chief discovers the Captain was attacked by a a different enemy .
The Master Chief fights through many aliens to the Control Room .
The Master Chief must get an Index to do activate Halo .
The Master Chief rescues as many Marines as he can .
The Master Race was an idea used by Adolf Hitler and others to say that one race of people were better than others .
The Master had survived the events of the television movie by encountering a cosmic being named Esterath in the time vortex .
The Master is a character in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
The Matanuska Valley has become a suburban community for many people who work in Anchorage .
The Mauritian flag is made up of four colors of equal width .
The Mavi Marmara was 40 miles from the Gaza Strip when it was raided .
The Mavi Marmara was followed by the Irish passenger ship MV Rachel Corrie and 4 other minor vessels .
The May Queen is a symbol of the stillness of nature around which everything revolves .
The May Queen or Queen of May is a word which has two different but related meanings .
The Maya Civilization did not get taken over by these people .
The Maya also had trade routes that ran over long distances .
The Maya also revolutionized the way we keep time with the Mayan Calendar .
The Maya civilization was from the northern Central American region .
The Maya civilization was similar to most other civilizations that existed at the same time in the region .
The Maya knew more about these things than most other Central American civilizations of the time .
The Maya people did not disappear though .
The Maya peoples never disappeared .
The Mayflower Compact was the first governing document of Plymouth Colony .
The Mayor is responsible for budgeting and strategic planning of some governmental functions across the whole of the London region .
The Mayor of Berlin is runs the government just like the Minister President of Bavaria runs the Bavarian government .
The Mayor of London is an elected politician in London .
The Mazurka is a Polish country dance .
The Mazurka is very similar to the Kujawiak which is a dance from another district near Warsaw .
The Meccans sent out a small army to punish the Muslims and stop their raiding .
The Meiji Restoration of 1868 stopped some old ways and added many new ones .
The Mekong river forms a large part of the western boundary with Thailand .
The Member of Parliament for Banbury is Tony Baldry .
The Micro was released in 2005 and is very small .
The Middle Ages ended when the Renaissance started .
The Military Band uses the Band Room for practice .
The Milwaukee Bucks chose him with the 56the pick of the draft .
The Minister of Foreign Affairs and first President of Poland .
The Mirror was the first UK paper to adopt the look of the New York tabloids .
The Miura is named after a type of fighting bull .
The Monarch is more orange .
The Montreal Canadiens are second with 11 .
The Moorgate branch was decommissioned during Christmas 2009 .
The Moors built strong forts in Madrid in 865 and put a wall round the city .
The Mountain Tapir has longer wooly fur .
The Mukshpuri track is wide and easy to hike .
The Murray River was the south side of Wiradjuri land .
The Museum has a collection of paintings by Fra Angelico .
The Museum holds Jack Crawford in high regard .
The NCAA was started in 1906 .
The NFC Champion plays the AFC Champion in the Super Bowl .
The NFC playoffs culminate in the NFC Championship Game for the George Halas Trophy .
The NFSA started in 1935 as the National Historical Film and Speaking Record Library which was then part of the Commonwealth National Library .
The NGOs which are working on the preservation of endangered animals are invited to come to this area because these animals are surviving for their existence .
The NHL began in 1917 .
The NHM was at first a department of the famous British Museum .
The NHS is paid for out of employee contributions from their wages and also from general government money raised in the form of taxes .
The NL teams play the same way .
The NL teams that win play in the NL Championship Series .
The NLE is known as one of the most tough divisions in the MLB .
The NRL is very popular in Australia but only in the states of New South Wales and Queensland and there is also one team in Victoria .
The NSA is also in charge of making sure that other countries do not eavesdrop on the United States .
The NSDAP dissolved itself on 8 May 1945 and ceased to exist .
The NSDAP was also banned .
The NSDAP was busy until the surrender of Germany on 8 May 1945 .
The NSSDC was first established at the Goddard Space Flight Center in 1966 .
The NWF runs a large network of volunteer programs that reaches over 10 million people .
The NYO also has Open Days for slightly younger children to explore music .
The Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame was named after him .
The Napoleonic Wars are wars that people fought during the rule of Napoleon Bonaparte over France .
The Napoleonic Wars ended on 20 November 1815 .
The Nassau County Record is also owned by Community Newspapers Incorporated .
The Nation of Islam is a religious group .
The National Art Gallery of Armenia has a lot of branches in Yerevan and other towns of the republic .
The National Assembly is a type of legislature in some countries .
The National Assembly is the lower house of the bicameral Parliament of Pakistan .
The National Assembly of Senegal and Senegal Presidential Palace are located in Dakar .
The National Assembly of Wales is in Cardiff .
The National Basketball League is a basketball competition in Australasia .
The National Day of a country is a special day where the people normally celebrate the country .
The National Democratic Party is a right wing political party in Germany .
The National Diet Library has two main facilities .
The National Diet Library is the only national library in Japan .
The National Health Service is a government run health care organization that provides health and medical services to citizens and residents of the United Kingdom .
The National Institutes of Health is part of the United States Department of Health and Human Services .
The National League East is a division in the MLB .
The National League is made up of 16 teams .
The National Mall has many trees .
The National Organization for Women is a feminist group founded by Betty Friedan in 1966 .
The National Park Service is a government office of the United States Department of the Interior .
The National Park Service looks after many natural landscapes and historic and archaeological places and buildings .
The National Party of Australia is the third biggest political party in Australia .
The National Polytechnic Institute offers 271 courses of study .
The National Register of Historic Places says that Vancouver is a good place to visit .
The National Secular Society is a group that campaigns for secularism in the United Kingdom .
The National University of Lesotho amd the international airport called Moshoeshoe International Airport are located near Maseru .
The National Weather Service describes rapid deepening as a decrease of 42 millibars in less than 24 hours .
The Nationals are a member of the Eastern Division of the National League .
The Nature Coast is a region of the U.S. state of Florida .
The Nazis also killed millions of people in these groups by forcing them to do slave labor without giving them much food or clothing .
The Nazis became the biggest party in the parliament .
The Nazis blamed the communists .
The Nazis capture Ravenwood and makes Jones thinks that she is dead .
The Nazis had lost .
The Nazis killed millions of these people at the concentration camps with poison gas .
The Nazis made laws that were based on their ideas of race .
The Netherlands was the first country to allow marriages of two people of the same sex in 2001 . .
The New York Giants later used a pattern almost the same as to what the Brooklyn Superbas used on their road uniforms .
The New York Public School system has named a middle school after Robinson .
The New York Yankees have the most winning players with 22 .
The Newell Highway between Victoria and Queensland goes through the city .
The Nibelungs are a race of dwarfs .
The Nibelungs pile the gold up .
The Nilotic tribes are probably an offshoot of the Acholi .
The Nityaras and Divarasa are later developments of the Rasalila .
The Nixon couple came to the White House in 1969 .
The Nixon couple gave a lot of time and all the affection to their daughters despite official and other engagements .
The NoD separated in October of 1998 .
The Normans then turned around and attacked them .
The Norse group is a collection of moons of the planet Saturn that go around the planet in a different direction to the spin of Saturn .
The North South Line Marina South Extension is a underground southward extension from Marina Bay Station .
The Northern Areas presently has no officially named status in Pakistan .
The Northern Cassowary has one wattle .
The Northern Cassowary in New Guinea is listed as vulnerable .
The Northern Divisional Offices of Cork County Council are in the town .
The Northern Kingdom was conquered by Sennacherib .
The Norwegian Linguist Georg Morgenstierne wrote that Chitral is the area of the greatest linguistic diversity in the world .
The Oakland Raiders are a professional American football team in the National Football League .
The Oenpelli Mission operated for 50 years .
The Ojibwe Native Americans call it Gitchigume .
The Old River sometimes confuses fish to go down its channel .
The Olympics in 1984 was held in the Sarajavo .
The Opera house is the major cultural heritage of the Amazonas .
The Operational commands are responsible for specific types of operations or for conducting exercises or deployments .
The Oracle of Baseball can link any two players by common teammates .
The Oracle of Baseball is based on the Oracle of Bacon website .
The Ottoman Empire also burned the city down in 1538 and people from the Imperial Russian army did so again in 1686 .
The Outlook was made by the Saturn Corporation from 2006 to 2010 until Saturn went defunct in 2010 .
The PCG has a fleet of 23 small craft but the exact number of personnel assigned to the PCG remains a secret .
The PE transported freight as well as people .
The PEGI system is used in more than thirty countries .
The PLO used violence to try and get what they wanted .
The PQ had a second referendum in 1995 .
The PQ passed a bill called Bill 101 .
The PRC government has never occupied Taiwan .
The Pacific Grand Prix was a round of the Formula One World Championship in and .
The Pacific Islands are in three groups .
The Pacific Northwest basically extends from southeastern Alaska to Northern California .
The Pacific Northwest is a region on the west coast of North America .
The Pacific Ring of Fire is an arc around the Pacific Ocean where many volcanoes and earthquakes are formed .
The Packers chose him in the first round of the 2005 NFL Draft with the 24th pick .
The Padres play their home games in a stadium called Petco Park .
The Page Up and Page Down keys are two computer keys that you press to either scroll up or scoll down on documents .
The Pakistan Military Academy is located in the eastern side of the valley .
The Palace was demolished in the seventeenth century .
The Palestinian Authority says that this is an occupied territory .
The Pallavas were at their finest during the reigns of Narasimhavarman I and Pallavamalla Nandivarman II .
The Palmengarten is one of two gardens in Frankfurt am Main .
The Panama Canal is a famous canal that connects the Atlantic Ocean with the Pacific Ocean .
The Panama Canal uses three locks for lifting and lowering the ships on different water levels .
The Pandya dynasty came to an end by the 16th century .
The Pandyas sent at least two ambassadors to the Roman Emperor Augustus .
The Panjkora River rises rises high in the Hindu Kush at lat .
The Papyrus describes eight cases of ulcers of the breast .
The Parable of the Budding Fig Tree is a parable of Jesus .
The Paralympic Games have been damaged by cheating scandals .
The Paralympic Games include athletes with physical disabilities .
The Paralympic flag is taken down .
The Paralympics have also been tainted by steroid use .
The Paralympics have grown from a small gathering of British World War II veterans in 1948 to become one of the largest international sport events by the early 21st century .
The Parashurama avatara was the sixth important avatara .
The Paris audiences in the late 17th and early 18th century enjoyed hearing the familiar vaudeville tunes to new words .
The Park has large areas of woodland and grassy plains that are subject to long periods of dry hot weather .
The Park has one of the most varied collections of land vertebrates ever found in Latin American tropical forests .
The Parliament of Australia is the federal governing system in Australia .
The Parliament of Canada passes the laws of the country .
The Parliament of England was the legislature of the Kingdom of England .
The Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland is the highest legislative body in the United Kingdom and British overseas territories .
The Partition of India split British India into the countries of India and Pakistan in 1947 .
The Partridge is a medium sized bird .
The Party came to power after Mussolini led thousands of Blackshirts in a march on Rome and forced King Victor Emmanuel III to appoint him Prime Minister .
The Pauline epistles are the fourteen New Testament books which most Christians think were written by the Apostle Paul .
The Pawnee people thought eagles as symbols of nature and fertility .
The Pax Romana lasted from 27 BC until 180 AD .
The Pedernales province is to the southwest and south of Barahona and the Caribbean Sea is to the east .
The Peninsula Ridge forms the drainage divide between the Gulf of Carpentaria and the Coral Sea .
The Penske team will retain the color scheme .
The Persian invasion was a delayed response to the defeat of the first Persian invasion of Greece .
The Persian king Xerxes was also anxious for a decisive battle .
The Persian navy sailed into the Straits of Salamis and tried to block both entrances .
The Persians then captured the evacuated Athens .
The Philippines were very important because they were located between the oil fields of Southeast Asia and Japan .
The Philistines were a people who invaded the area .
The Phoenician alphabet was adopted at this time for writing in the Greek language .
The Pierres du Niton are two erratic stones in the lake in Geneva .
The Plasmodium goes into people by mosquitoes bites .
The Plasmodium is seen in the red blood cells .
The Plaza de Toros is visited by many tourists .
The Plaza de la Villa was another famous market place .
The Pleiades were the seven daughters of Atlas and Pleione .
The Point !
The Polish people had been preparing to fight in the uprising since the spring of 1793 .
The Polk couple did not get any children of their own .
The Pope is elected by a college of Cardinals .
The Pope ordered a crusade against the Cathars in southern France .
The Pope said he was a prisoner of the Italian state and excommunicated all the people who helped invade his state .
The Pope used to rule the Papal States .
The Port can accommodate the largest cruise ships in the world .
The Portuguese and their descendants are present in large numbers in almost all towns .
The Portuguese started arriving in the 1750s .
The Portuguese took control in 1675 .
The Portuguese were the first Europeans to visit Japan .
The Post Office opened in September 1853 although there were two earlier offices in the area named Ballan .
The Presbyterian Reverend James Adam was held up by Ben Hall .
The President and First Lady usually go to the Honors ceremony .
The President can not refuse to do this
The President later discontinued these services due to concerns over the separation of Church and State .
The President of the United States and many major national government offices are located in the city .
The Pride of Erin Festival and Yass Show are held in March .
The Prime Minister is appointed by the National Assembly and nominated by the President of the Republic .
The Prime Minister is usually the leader of the largest party in the National Assembly and is assisted by a cabinet of ministers drawn from both chambers of the federal legislature .
The Prime minister Secretariat National Security Council is a consultative body that is chaired by the President of Pakistan and Prime Minister of Pakistan .
The Prince of Wales served on the Somme as a Staff Officer .
The Progressive Democrats won some 14 seats mainly from Fine Gael .
The Promethea Moth is found in the eastern half of the United States .
The Prophet was entrusted to Halimah Sadia .
The Queen is the third part of Parliament .
The Queen of Spain was angry with Casals when she heard what had happened and stopped sending him money .
The Raiders became the first wild card team to win a Super Bowl .
The Raiders join the American Football Conference as a Western Division member .
The Raiders move back to Oakland .
The Raiders won their third Super Bowl against the Washington Redskins .
The Railway Gazette title dates from July 1905 and it was renamed Railway Gazette International in October 1970 .
The Railway has recently sold assets following the break down of talks with Cambrian Transport which an has been forced to leave Barry .
The Railway is about 2.4 kilometers long .
The Railway is now working with the Bridgend Valleys Railway to develop the 4.5 miles of line in place north of Bridgend .
The Rainbow Serpent called to the frogs to come out from beneath the earth .
The Rainbow Serpent lives in waterholes and controls the supply of water .
The Rainbow jersey is a special jersey worn by world champion cyclists during races .
The Raja joined this religion and his subjects followed him .
The Rajputs consist of many different clans .
The Ramayana has been translated into most of the major languages of the world .
The Ramayana is still very popular today .
The Ramayana is the career or story of Rama .
The Ramones are an American punk rock group who formed in New York City in 1974 and broke up in 1996 .
The Ranger mine and the service town at Jabiru have had many impacts on Aboriginal people .
The Rankine scale was originally used in the United States .
The Rapture story has been retold in many movies .
The Rasalila of Manipur is said to be one of the higlights of India culture .
The Ratsstube is built in the Renaissance style .
The Ravi was known as Parushani or Iravati to Indians in Vedic times and Hydraotes to the Ancient Greeks .
The Rays have rivalries with two teams .
The Reagans had two children .
The Rebbe is a man who is a Rabbi and is chosen by the hasidim to be their leader .
The Rebels had held on to their position during the first day of battle .
The Red Cross is involved with some warming centers .
The Red Kangaroo is the largest .
The Registan was the ancient center of the city .
The Reichstag had passed a Law for the Restoration of the Professional Civil Service .
The Relay was made by the Saturn Corporation from 2005 to 2007 .
The Relay was replaced by the Saturn Outlook in 2006 .
The Relay was the first and only minivan made by the Saturn company .
The Remote Disc capability is achieved by the computer wirelessly accessing the optical drive of another Mac or Windows PC that has the Remote Disc program installed .
The Republic of Bou Regreg did not collapse until 1818 .
The Republic of China does not want the Chinese Nationalist government to govern because the people who live in the ROC want to be able to govern their own country .
The Republic of India has a different perspective on this interpretation .
The Republic of Macedonia had to choose a temporary name in order to be recognized by the United Nations .
The Republic of Namibia is a country in southern Africa on the Atlantic coast .
The Republic of Zambia is a country in southern Africa .
The Retiro Park is the most famous .
The Rev. Jesse Jackson gave the eulogy .
The Revolution Series was introduced in 2003 to make track cycling more popular .
The Ring of Fire is a direct result of plate tectonics and the movement and collisions of crustal plates .
The Rio Uaupes is a river in Colombia .
The Ripper was famous for the brutality of his murders .
The Roads and Traffic Authority of NSW has the Western Regional Office built in Parkes .
The Robinson family lived on a plot with two small houses at 121 Pepper Street in Pasadena .
The Roman Catholic Church developed the idea of one united church leader with the pope .
The Roman Catholic Church has not tolerated such heresies .
The Roman Catholic Church knows seven such sacraments .
The Roman Empire ruled much of Europe in ancient history .
The Roman God of War was called Mars .
The Roman Limes was built across the Taunus .
The Roman Senate resumed their Consular elections in 216 .
The Roman West experienced them for the first time in the Migration Period .
The Roman army had no way to escape .
The Roman army marched southward to Apulia .
The Roman poet Ovid placed Caucasus in Scythia and said it was a cold and stony mountain which was the abode of personified hunger .
The Romans believed the smells made by burning castoreum could bring about an abortion .
The Romans built a spa over hot water springs here in ancient times .
The Romans lived there for several centuries .
The Romans named the planet Mars .
The Romans raised a new army that was much larger than ever before .
The Romans used both fixed and floating water wheels and introduced water power to other countries of the Roman Empire .
The Romans used its sulphur springs for bathing .
The Romans used to sentence prisoners to this kind of labor .
The Romans were the first people to use underfloor radiant heating systems .
The Romantics thought he was a German emperor from the Hohenstaufen family .
The Royal Hotel is on the site of another hotel owned by Robinson .
The Royals selected Greinke in the first round of the 2002 MLB Draft with the sixth pick in the draft .
The Rule of Law is the law which says that government can only legally use its power in a way the government and the people agree on .
The Rule of Law prevents dictatorship and protects the rights of the people .
The Russian Revolution had also started to influence India .
The Russians named Kaltag after a Koyokon man named Kaltaga .
The Saab 900 was a car produced by Saab from 1978 through 1998 .
The Saab 9000 was a car produced by Saab from 1985 through 1998 .
The Saalburg is a Roman fortification in the Taunus mountains in Germany and was a stronghold in the Upper Germanic Limes .
The Sacred Cenote was used for human sacrifices to the rain god Chaac in periods of drought .
The Sahara has about the same size as the whole United States .
The Sahel is a narrow belt of land in West Africa .
The Sahel is becoming drier on the whole .
The Sailor Senshi are named after different planets in the solar system .
The Saint Lawrence River is a big river in eastern North America .
The Saint Petersburg Philharmonic Orchestra is an orchestra based in Saint Petersburg in Russia .
The Salic law said that land goes to sons and not daughters .
The Salic law was a set of laws established by King Clovis I for the Salian Franks during the sixth century .
The Salton Sea is a large inland endorheic lake in the United States state of California .
The Salzach is a river in Austria and Germany .
The Sam Huston team was coached by a young Jackie Robinson .
The Samaritans are a group of people who live in the Levant .
The Samoyed is a dog breed that are usually white in color .
The San Andreas Fault is composed of a zone several miles wide which incorporates multiple strands .
The San Francisco 49ers are a professional American football team .
The San Francisco Chronicle is a newspaper that serves the San Francisco Bay Area of California .
The San Francisco Giants are a Major League Baseball team in .
The San Gabriel River and Los Angeles River are the major rivers that receive water from the mountains .
The San Jose Sharks are an ice hockey team that plays in the National Hockey League .
The San Luis Rey River is a river in the southern part of the U.S. state of California .
The San Marino Grand Prix was a Formula One championship race .
The Santa Cruz has its headwaters in the high intermontane grasslands of the San Rafael Valley to the east of Patagonia between the Canelo Hills to the east and the Patagonia Mountains to the west .
The Santa Monica Mountains are a group of mountains in southern California in the United States .
The Santo Domingo Este was made the head municipality of this new province .
The Sapa Inca was the sole and absolute ruler over the Incas .
The Saraha Pump Theory attempts to explain how plants and animals from Africa moved into the Middle East and then Europe and Asia .
The Sarrasani theater was destroyed on 13 February 1945 during the World War II .
The Sassanid Empire or Sassanian Dynasty is the name used for the Persian dynasty which lasted from 224 to 651 AD .
The Sassanid era is considered to be one of the most important and influential historical periods in Iran .
The Sassanids never mounted a truly effective resistance to the pressure applied by the early Arab armies .
The Satin Bowerbird lives in rainforests and on the edge of drier forests along the east coast of Australia .
The Saturn V carried Apollo 11 and its crew to the Moon in 1969 .
The Sauber racing debut took place in the first race of the season in South Africa .
The Sauber team was powered by V10 Ilmor engines in a chassis named the C12 .
The Saugor and Nerbudda Territories was a region of British India .
The Sauropterygia was a superorder of successful aquatic reptiles that flourished during the Mesozoic era .
The Scarlet Pimpernel is a famous example from literature .
The School currently has an open doors admissions policy .
The Science Hub has many Science labs .
The Science Hub was finished in October 2008 .
The Scottish Pop group Bay City Rollers are said to have gotten their name from the city as well .
The Sea Harriers made the Argentine Air Force much less effective than they hoped to be .
The Seahawks returned to the NFC as a result of the 2002 realignment .
The Second Five Year Plan had some ideas that did not work the way that Mao had wanted them to .
The Second Spanish Republic started on 14th of April of 1931 and was celebrated in La puerta del Sol which is the center of the city .
The Seelow Heights are 17 kilometers west of the Oder and 45 kilometres east of Berlin and they were well defended by the Germans .
The Sexual Liberals and the Attack on Feminism .
The Sharks host their games at HP Pavilion and are coached by Todd McLellan since summer 2008 .
The Shinkansen is one of the fastest trains in the world and connects cities in Honshu and Kyushu .
The Shintoshu explains origins of Japanese gods and goddesses from a Buddhist point of view while the Hotsuma Tsutae has a very different version of mythology .
The Shogun changed the power and position of the daimyo .
The Shogun had power over the daimyo .
The Sigil of Baphomet is also the official logo of the Church of Satan .
The Silver Stallion is a sequel .
The Simpsons is a very popular television show which is currently in its twentieth series .
The Sindhu is one of the holy rivers of Hinduism .
The Snake River is mainly in inland Idaho .
The Software which manages such a mailing list sometimes offers options to the people who subscribe .
The Somme is a river in northern France .
The Songhai Empire became smaller after a Moroccan attack in 1591 .
The Songo Queen is a boat people can ride on and view the water .
The Southern Cassowary is now listed as endangered in Australia .
The Southern Kingdom was called Judea and include the land south of Shilo .
The Southern states tried to leave America and the American Civil War began .
The Soviet Union controlled East Germany .
The Soviet Union forces almost reached Berlin and the Third Reich was about to collapse .
The Soviet Union invaded Japan as it promised it would three months ago .
The Soviet Union invaded Latvia during World War II and killed or took away many of its people to Siberia and other places far away from their homes .
The Soviets also believed that Amin was behind the death of president Nur Muhammad Taraki .
The Soviets reacted by sending in more reserve from the Far East .
The Space Marine in charge of each chapter is called the Chapter Master .
The Space Marines are an army of super humans .
The Spanish army left the country in 1865 .
The Spanish never found Machu Picchu or the lost city during their occupation .
The Spanish started to conquer Maya lands .
The Spreewald region has always been a center of Sorbian culture .
The Srinagar airport is 12 km from the park .
The St. Louis Cardinals have the second most with 20 winners .
The Standard Basque name for the language is euskara .
The Standard Model combined with General Relativity is currently the best explanation of how the Universe works .
The Standard Model is a theory which tries to explain the fundamental forces .
The Standard Model is known to have problems .
The Standard Model of particle physics thinks that mass is caused by the Higgs field .
The Summon Spirit helps Lloyd use the eternal sword .
The Sun is a star .
The Suwannee River forms the entire eastern border .
The Syriac Orthodox Church uses a version of the Hail Mary much closer to the current Western form than to the Greek version .
The TER line is from Caen to Rennes .
The TV show MythBusters made a flight like Walters had done .
The Taiping Rebellion lasted from 1851 to 1864 .
The Taiping Rebellion was a civil war in China from 1850 to 1864 .
The Taiping Rebellion was against the ruling Qing Dynasty .
The Taito Corporation is an innovator of coin operated video games .
The Tajik people have a rich cultural heritage .
The Taliban is a hardline Islamic movement .
The Talmud is a collection of texts which are important in Judaism .
The Talmudic school next to it was broken down .
The Talmuds are taken very seriously .
The Tamagotchi is a handheld electronic toy pet .
The Tamil Tigers are fighting to establish its own government in areas where Tamil people are in majority .
The Tamil Tigers emerged as the most important force amongst these military groups .
The Tamil people also worship mother goddess Amman or Mariamman .
The Tamil people are an ethnic group from South Asia .
The Tamil people have many performing arts .
The Tamil people number around 74 million in the world .
The Tamilians are very proud of their language and heritage .
The Tammar Wallaby is the marsupial chosen for the genome sequencing project .
The Tampa Bay Area is a area in West Central Florida that includes Tampa and St. Pete .
The Tampa Bay Mutiny were an American soccer team that played in Major League Soccer from 1996 to 2001 .
The Tanakh translates the Garden of Eden as Paradise .
The Tang Dynasty is also another peak point of the Chinese civilization .
The Tasman Peninsula is named after Dutch explorer Abel Tasman .
The Tasman Peninsula is well known for its rocky eastern coastline .
The Tasman Sea is the sea between Australia and New Zealand .
The Tasmanian Devil became extinct on the Australian mainland about 400 years before European settlement in 1788 .
The Tata Indica is a automobile produced by Tata Motors in two generations since 1998 .
The Tatar language is a Turkic language that is spoken by Tatar people .
The Tatar language is the official language of Tatarstan .
The Tatars burned the city down in 1513 .
The Taung Child is a fossil of a skull .
The Thar Desert covers most parts of the state .
The The Soup and Crouching Woman are two examples of paintings from Picasso .
The Third Servile War began with three defeats of Roman armies against Spartacus and his followers .
The Timberwolves traded him to the Cleveland Cavaliers in July 2010 .
The Torah from the Old Testament is probably the oldest body of law .
The Tory party had paternalistic ideas such as charity for the poor .
The Tour de France organization and the French cycling authorities have not said why .
The Tour of California also saw Cavendish win his first points of classification of the 2009 season .
The Township of Jackson was named after Andrew Jackson .
The Trading Post is a homewares shop that won a tourism award for 2006 .
The Tramlink system .
The Transverse Ranges north of Santa Barbara are formed by compression .
The Traralgon regional line follows on from this line .
The Tuas South Extension will only be completed after the Tuas West Extension .
The Tuolumne and Merced river both flow out of Yosemite National Park .
The Twins moved to Target Field in 2010 after 28 seasons at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome .
The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has an area of 888 square miles .
The U.S. Department of Defense denied this .
The U.S. also sent billions of dollars of food and arms to Saddam to keep him from forming a strong alliance with the Soviets .
The U.S. army spends hundreds of thousands of dollars every year to study echolocation in bats .
The U.S. copyright representative for the Francis Foundation is the Artists Rights Society .
The U.S. found that flamethrowers that use a gasoline gel are able to shoot farther and are more useful .
The UN resolution asked Pakistan to vacate the areas it has occupied and asked India to assist the U.N. Plebiscite Commission to organize a plebiscite to determine the will of the people .
The US Army built Fort Baker there in 1864 .
The US state of Kansas was named after the Kaw people .
The USA and other countries played an important role in the diplomacy during the war .
The USA need to capture Iwo Jima to be able to capture Japan if they needed to .
The Ugandan National Theatre is located in Kampala .
The Ukrainian government does not recognize the Rusyn people living in that country as a distinct nationality but rather as an ethnic group of Ukrainians .
The Umayyad Caliphate emerged as the rulers of the Islamic world .
The Underground Railroad was a series of houses where slaves could go to as they made their way to the northern United States where they would be free .
The Union army that was positioned at the covered bridge fired the first few volleys at the rebels to harass their front positions .
The Union army then ordered another charge with a large cavalry regiment that reinforced the Union infantry .
The Union did not include the enclave of Gwadar City which was part of the Sultanate of Oman .
The Union soldiers that had taken positions at the covered bridge the night before began to take pressure from the 4th Kentucky in their front .
The Union took the hill and set up defense .
The Union was separate from the Chief Commissioners Province of Baluchistan which comprised areas to the northeast of the Union .
The United States Census Bureau says that the city has an area of 48.0 square miles .
The United States Secret Service has protected her for decades until she died .
The United States agreed to leave as of December 1959 .
The United States benefited from the plan because part of the agreement for giving the aid was that country would have to open up their economies to US companies .
The United States defeated Japan in 1945 and made the Japanese Army leave China .
The United States gives United States patents .
The United States is only bound by a treaty if the Senate agrees .
The United States might be shown as a Bald Eagle .
The United States part of the Northwest is known for its low religious population .
The United States treats it as a nature reserve .
The University garden campus is called the Yunnan Garden campus .
The University of Alaska has one of its main campuses in Fairbanks .
The University of Bielefeld is in charge of the school .
The University of British Columbia is located in Vancouver .
The University of Costa Rica was created here in 1843 .
The University of Kansas and Haskell Indian Nations University are in Lawrence .
The University of Northern Iowa serves the region .
The University of San Marcos has 20 faculties and 62 academic schools .
The University of Saskatchewan is also in Saskatoon .
The University of Victoria is located on Vancouver Island .
The Urdu version became a national blockbuster .
The Utility division sells natural gas or moves natural gas from one part of the country to another .
The VCU undergraduate literary journal at the university is named Poictesme after the fictional province in his book Jurgen .
The Vail Ski Resort is the largest ski resort with only one mountain in North American .
The Vailala Madness got its name from the behavior of people who took part in it .
The Vailala Madness was a religious movement .
The Vale of Glamorgan Railway Company are a Welsh railway preservation society originally called the Butetown Historic Railway Society .
The Vale of White Horse is a local government district of Oxfordshire in England .
The Valea Voenilor River is a tributary of the Pascu River .
The Valkyrie then carries the chosen one off to Valhalla .
The Valkyries choose the warriors .
The Valverde province is in the northwest part of the Cibao Valley .
The Vamana avatara was the sixth avatara .
The Van der Waals radius is the radius of an atom that is seen as a hard sphere .
The Vancouver area was home to Native Americans before the arrival of Europeans .
The Vandals were an East Germanic tribe .
The Vanir is one of the two kinds of deities in Norse mythology .
The Variable Cattleheart feeds on Aristolochia cordiflora .
The Variance can be square rooted to get the Standard deviation .
The Variante Bassa was also straightened .
The Variations on a Rococo Theme is a piece of music for cello and orchestra composed by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky .
The Vatican Commandos broke up in 1985 .
The Vedas also mention her name .
The Virgin Mary is often shown in Christian art .
The Vue is still being made under the General Motors company .
The Vue was made by the Saturn Corporation from 2002 to 2005 until Saturn went defunct in 2010 .
The WWF asks people to shut off their lights and appliances for one hour .
The Wailua River is a river on the island of Kauai in the U.S. state of Hawaii .
The Waimea River is a river on the island of Kauai in the U.S. state of Hawaii .
The Wake County Public School System runs the public schools in Wake County .
The Waldorf Astoria brand is made up of the Waldorf Astoria in New York and The Waldorf Astoria Orlando .
The Walt Disney Gold Classics Collection is a line of videos and DVDs released by The Walt Disney Company which ran from 2000 to 2001 .
The Wanderers had to stop playing in the first year because their arena burned down .
The Wandering Albatross is a large seabird of the family Diomedeidae .
The Wannsee Conference was a meeting of senior members of the Nazi German government .
The War Office was the name of the ministry which controlled the British Army .
The War of 1812 started while Madison was president .
The War of 1812 was fought between the British Empire and the United States from 1812 to 1814 on land in North America and at sea .
The Wario series is a series of games that star Wario .
The Warner Park Sporting Complex was the site of the allocated first round matches of the tournament .
The Wars of Scottish Independence were a series of military campaigns fought between Scotland and England in the late 13th and early 14th centuries .
The Wars series is a series of video games made by Nintendo that has appeared on many Nintendo systems starting with the Nintendo Entertainment System .
The Washington National Cathedral is a cathedral of the Episcopal Church in the United States .
The Watt steam engine is credited for driving the Industrial Revolution of the 18th and 19th centuries .
The Weill Recital Hall is a small concert hall seating just 268 people .
The Wermacht managed to arrive 25 kilometers east to the city Namir .
The West Indies is the name for the group of the islands of the Bahamas and the Antilles .
The Western Cordillera blocks of moist air fronts from the Pacific Ocean although it is notable that the sea breeze comes to town .
The Western Freeway goes past the town .
The Whalers played in the National Hockey League for 18 seasons .
The Whalers were relocated to Carolina and were renamed the Carolina Hurricanes in 1997 .
The Wii version does not support online play .
The Windows Vista version in 2007 was less successful as the fact it was released 3 years after the Xbox version gained many negative reviews .
The Wiradjuri called the river Wambool .
The Wiradjuri people are the original people to live in the Macquarie River area .
The Wisconsin River flows through the middle of the city .
The Workers in the Vineyard also appears in Early Medieval works .
The World Showcase has examples of countries from around the world .
The Yalta Conference was an important part of European History .
The Yamuna is a major river in North India .
The Yankees had yet to sign a black player .
The Yankees were one of the first baseball teams to wear uniform numbers .
The Yaqui river is used for irrigation .
The Yaqui river starts in the Sierra Madre Occidental and flows into the Gulf of California near the port of Guaymas .
The Yas Marina Circuit is the venue for the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix .
The Yass River flows past the town .
The ZIP code of Babcock is 54413 .
The Zakarpattia Oblast Rada consists of a total of 90 deputies .
The Zapotec and the Mixtec people live in the state .
The Zappanale is a music festival held every year in honor of the musician and composer Frank Zappa .
The abbey already existed in the 9th century .
The ability to move two spaces and to have an en passant capture were only started in 15th century Europe .
The above equation makes use of information on the composition of parent and daughter isotopes at the time the material solidified .
The abridged edition of this book published in 1960 is reviewed in the Istorijski glasnik and the same review echoed in the Historical abstracts .
The absolute ages of the landforms are not known .
The accomplishment that brought her international recognizition was when she discovered a telescopic comet in October of 1847 .
The accuracy of the fruit origin has been questioned .
The accused witches lived in Lancashire .
The acoustics of the hall are very good .
The act brought the construction of workhouses despite riots and arson .
The act of caring for a garden by watering the flowers and plants and removing the weeds is called gardening .
The act of succession was changed in 1953 .
The actinides are the 14 chemical elements that are between actinium and lawrencium in the periodic table .
The activists were trying to breach the blockade of Gaza and deliver humanitarian supplies . .
The activities of Vaikundar is historically jointed with this Pathis .
The actor Liam Neeson used to live in the town .
The actors and chorus in this early theater all used masks .
The actress had already faced a cancer of the uterus and ovaries and had to undergo a radical hysterectomy .
The actress was born in 1920 .
The actress who played her is Wendy Richard .
The actual evils are not specified by Hesiod .
The address or immediate fields contain an operand directly .
The adjective is national .
The adjective is satirical .
The adults have various special features .
The adventures of Sasuke continue .
The affected person may behave unusually .
The age of cellular pathology was born .
The age of the Earth is another factor in the debate .
The age of the Great Prince changes as compared to the original movie .
The aim of basketball is to score more points than your opponents .
The aim of the game is to hit the shuttlecock over the net in a way that the other player or pair can not hit it back before it hits the floor .
The air is warmed and moistened before it reaches your lungs .
The airport has cargo flights to Louisville .
The airport is a focus city for Sun Country Airlines .
The airport is owned and operated by the Capital Region Airport Authority .
The airport opened in July 1928 .
The album artwork also describe that concept .
The album contained uptempo electronic sounding songs that were influenced by music from the 1980s .
The album did not sell well .
The album gives a bonus DVD with a full concert recorded in Chicago and behind the scenes documentary .
The album has 18 tracks of songs which Maroon 5 released or has recorded .
The album sold a lot of copies and reached number 40 on the Billboard top 200 music chart .
The album that people liked best was Tapestry .
The album was a great success .
The album was recorded in USA .
The album was released 2003 .
The album was released in 2001 .
The album was released in the Netherlands first and did pretty well .
The algorithm gambles with the resources used .
The allies that had united against Napoleon were arguing in Vienna over the lands that they had recaptured .
The allowable disabilities are broken down into six broad categories .
The amniotes gave rise to two groups both of which became dominant at different times .
The amount of capsaicin in peppers is highly variable and dependent on genetics .
The amount of time that the shutter lets light through can be changed as well .
The amount of time the hair follicle stays in the anagen phase is genetically determined .
The amplitude of a waveform may change a lot .
The ancestors of Cambodia had an empire called Angkor centered in the northwest of present day Cambodia .
The anchor spaces were added to the game to stop nursing techniques that developed especially for the challenges of balkline without them .
The ancient Chinese also used a device that looked like a jar with dragons on the top surrounded by frogs with their mouths open .
The ancient Egyptians and ancient Greeks believed that it would open the gates of heaven for a person passing on .
The ancient Egyptians drew her as the sky of the Milky Way .
The ancient Greeks and Romans have used the technology .
The ancient Greeks called the Sakas the Scythians .
The ancient Lower Bridge passes through the archway of the town hall .
The ancient Persians believed that the earth sat on a big sapphire and that the big sapphire made the sky blue .
The ancient drug soma was sometimes associated with marijuana .
The ancient stone structures are located around the beach ridges .
The angel said that God would rescue and protect him so that he could teach this message .
The angel told him that he had to teach a message from God to the people of the world .
The angle between the fault plane and an imaginary horizontal plane is called the dip angle of the fault .
The animal can also crawl on land or on the seabed .
The animal can withdraw completely into its shell .
The animal has great control over the organs .
The animals of the genus Lama and genus Vicugna are also called South American Camelids .
The animals then eat each other for the energy .
The animated series The Super Mario Bros. .
The animation proved to be more acceptable and production continued .
The anime stayed close to the story from the manga .
The annual Fete is held on the first Sunday in July and Is not to be missed .
The annual rainfall is 20 mm .
The anodes attract and speed the electrons up because they have the opposite charge .
The answer is yes for a few biologists who proposed one or more evolutionary mechanisms which worked above the species level .
The answers are seen on a huge survey board .
The answers were revealed one at a time .
The antenna directs the radio waves .
The anus is rich in nerve endings and is sometimes stimulated during masturbation .
The apito caller signals the end of one section and the beginning of the next by blasting a short call .
The appearance of these new predators coincides with the decline of Gastornis and its relatives .
The appropriate device driver must be loaded into the operating system to enable NCQ on the host bus adapter .
The arbiter is eventually also captured by the Gravemind and meets up with Master Chief .
The archaeological sites show that Aboriginals have lived here for at least 20 000 and possibly up to 40 000 years .
The archbishop is the religious head of the Church of England .
The arched wall is a very strong shape which helps the wall to withstand the huge weight of the water .
The architect who designed the opera house was Gottfried Semper .
The architecture and food also show German influence .
The architecture looks as if it is opening up from the real room .
The architecture of these temples is a mixture of architecture from North and South India .
The area also contains two Buddhist stupas and six monasteries that are scattered around the resort .
The area around the city has lots of farmland and forests .
The area around the station is one of commercial centers of Kyoto .
The area has always been important as a part of the trade route through the Bolan Pass .
The area has both an industrial and agricultural economy .
The area has many gemstones .
The area included in the city has been increased many times .
The area is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London .
The area is mostly flat and about half is used for grazing cattle .
The area is very important for the economy .
The area of Hamburg is 755.16 k.
The area of Hato Mayor was part of the El Seibo province until the new province began in 1984 .
The area of the Union was roughly the western half of the modern province of Balochistan .
The area of the gas passage diminishes through the compressor to maintain a roughly constant axial Mach number .
The area of this district is 3395 sq km .
The area round Mansfield named as Banbury was also the location of the novel The Far Country by Nevil Shute .
The area that is now Dakar was first settled around the 15th century .
The area was first settled by the Shoshonian Indians during the 1500s .
The area was found to be perfect for making sugar .
The area was isolated until a regular river steamer began sailing from Port Arthur to Hobart in the 1880s .
The area was not suitable for big farms .
The area was put under the control of the League of Nations for 15 years .
The area was settled in 972 .
The areas are
The areas of the Park that are owned by Aboriginal people are leased by the traditional owners to the Director of National Parks to be managed as a national park .
The arena has 702 club seats and 68 suites .
The arena has six sections of seats .
The army defeated a small British force .
The arrival of a sawmill was a large and stimulative step in the growth of a frontier community .
The arrows are in time with the music .
The art of handling a katana was developed in martial arts like kenjutsu and iaijutsu .
The article about the English philosopher and statesman is at Francis Bacon Bacon is a type of meat that comes from pigs .
The article about the country can be found at Western Sahara
The article for this category is OpenOffice.org .
The article on Hail Mary in the Catholic Encyclopedia says that the Hail Mary was not used in this form before about 1050 .
The article on the devolved legislative body established in 1999 is at Scottish Parliament .
The article was about a new improvement of the memory in Model 85 .
The articles he wrote for Business Week exposed organized crime on Wall Street and the Salomon Brothers bond trading scandal in the 1990s .
The ash from the burned platns goes into the soiil and makes it fertile for a little while .
The ash of banana can be used to make soap .
The association has not been able to give figures for younger children because it is illegal to survey them .
The astronaut joins an alien crew on board a living ship .
The athletics teams of the university are called the Aztecs .
The athletics teams of the university are called the Buccaneers .
The athletics teams of the university are called the Cardinals .
The athletics teams of the university are called the Commodores .
The athletics teams of the university are called the Crusaders .
The athletics teams of the university are called the Dolphins and they have 20 varsity teams .
The athletics teams of the university are called the Dukes .
The athletics teams of the university are called the Eagles .
The athletics teams of the university are called the Fighting Camels .
The athletics teams of the university are called the Golden Eagles .
The athletics teams of the university are called the Pioneers .
The athletics teams of the university are called the Pirates .
The atmosphere also protects the earth from crashes with meteors and small asteroids .
The attack made the United States enter World War II .
The attack was a battle in the Civil War .
The attack was put off for a short time because of the tides in the Harlem River that stopped some of the troops from landing .
The attacks were at a local nightclub in the tourist town of Kuta .
The attendant will then drive the car and park it so that all the cars are bunched up close to one another .
The audience did not like the tragic ending .
The audience found it difficult to understand the music and dance .
The auditions took place in Los Angeles wher he met fellow band members Jake Purdy and Drew Ryan Scott .
The author has stated that many of the issues that caused the war remain today .
The autobiography is listed as fiction .
The automobile part of the business is now owned by Spyker Cars .
The average annual temperature is 12 oC .
The average elevation is 250m above sea level .
The average for the United States is 100 .
The average growth rate of healthy hair follicles on the scalp is nearly 0.5 i per month .
The average household size is 2.64 and the average family size is 3.1 .
The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.79 .
The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.95 .
The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.94 .
The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 2.97 .
The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.07 .
The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.06 .
The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.18 .
The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.23 .
The average life expectancy is 66 years and 71 years respectively for men and women .
The average temperature throughout the year is around 24 degree Celsius .
The aviation and defense parts of Saab are owned by the Wallenberg family .
The award goes to the player who receives the most total points .
The award had been won by his cousin Dario Franchitti in 1992 .
The award has been awarded 70 times since its beginnings in 1937 .
The award is given annually to the most valuable player for his team in the playoffs .
The award is named in honor of the first MLB commissioner .
The award was given for having and keeping high race safety and medical facilities .
The award was start in 1940 by the Chicago chapter of the BBWAA .
The awards were first presented in 1972 .
The babies are blind and have no fur when they are born .
The baby Tarzan was left alone in the jungle .
The back and forth movement of the membrane is driven by a rod and a crankshaft mechanism .
The back legs are also longer than the front legs .
The backhand in tennis is a stroke hit by swinging the racquet away from the body in the direction of where the player wants the ball to go .
The bagel is regarded as a special kind of Jewish food .
The bagpipes are a musical instrument .
The baguette is a symbol of France .
The baiji was declared extinct in 2007 by the Chinese Academy of Science .
The baker comes in and finds them .
The balalaika is a musical instrument from Russia .
The bald eagle is a large eagle from North America that is identified by its bright white head and tail .
The balk spaces define areas of the surface of the table where a player may only score up to a certain number of points while the object balls are within that region .
The ball can make things stick to it .
The ball is also called a basketball .
The ball weighs 8 ounces .
The ballista was invented around 400 BC in a Greek town called Syracuse .
The ballroom samba has its origins in Brazil at the beginning of the 20th century .
The ban was lifted after the 2008 Games after work had been done to tighten the criteria and controls governing admission of athletes with intellectual disabilities .
The banana fruit grow in hanging clusters .
The banana plant is the largest herbaceous flowering plant .
The bananas that are used for desserts are called dessert bananas .
The band also works to help environmental and peace causes .
The band became quite popular in their music scene and have some charted singles .
The band did not do another album until Evil Empire in 1996 .
The band does not see itself in this category though .
The band had four bandmembers and a drumming machine .
The band has been the opening act for Reba McEntire .
The band has released three albums and several EPs .
The band is known for their unique use of eletronica style music that emphasizes guitar towards the front while keeping the beat flow in the background .
The band is part of the Cardiff music scene .
The band is sometimes direct about the things they want to say .
The band is very good friends with Nat Morley and is often featured in music videos .
The band members have been the same since they started in 1991 .
The band played for as long as possible and then were had to cancel some of their concerts .
The band reformed 25 years later .
The band reunited for a 1998 tour and on a more permanent basis in 2005 .
The band started as a duo with Ed Roberstson and Steven Page .
The band started in 1982 .
The band started in 1985 .
The band started shoot the music video in October 13 .
The band was called Tin Machine .
The band was formed in 1984 .
The band was formed in 1984 in Stockholm .
The band was originally Bauhaus 1919 before they dropped the number part of their name within a year of formation .
The band was started in 2003 .
The band was very important for the development of what is known as electronic music today .
The band worked with the Japanese animation company Toei Animation and the famous Japanese producer named Leiji Matsumoto to create this film .
The bandleader directs the other musicians in the group .
The baptistery is still in the church today .
The bar and millibar were defined by Sir Napier Shaw in 1909 and internationally used in 1929 .
The bar is still used in descriptions of pressure because it is about the same as atmospheric pressure .
The barium chloride is melted and electrolyzed to get liquid barium metal .
The barium metal is solidified and stored in oil .
The barium sulfide is dissolved in hydrochloric acid .
The barometer is a good tool for predicting weather .
The barons chose their time to put John under pressure .
The baroque period was from 1600s to the 1750s
The barred owl is a large owl commonly found in the eastern United States .
The barred owl lives about 10 to 12 years in the wild .
The barred owl makes nests on tree limbs and are usually near ponds or lakes .
The base of the tatami is made first .
The base of these ideas comes from the works of Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels .
The basement of folded metamorphic shales intruded by the Cape Granite are of late Precambrian age .
The bases form a line that goes around the field to the right from the starting base .
The basic design of Rangers away strips has changed far more than the traditional home strip .
The basic motion of parkor 1 .
The basic structure of the town remained untouched through the centuries .
The basilica at Lourdes is one of the most important pilgrimage places in France .
The basilisk lizard can walk on water .
The basis of criticism was that theology dominated the western thinkers preventing freedom of expression .
The bass guitar developed by Leo Fender became very popular .
The basset hound is an exception to the family of common dogs .
The bassoon developed from a Renaissance instrument called the curtal or dulcian .
The bassoon is held to the right side of the bassoonist and the top of the boot joint is usually level with the players hip .
The bassoon is known for its reedy sound .
The bassoon is the lowest of the four main instruments of the woodwind family .
The bassoonist then sits on that strap .
The bat is used in fiction by both villains like dracula and heroes like Batman .
The batter is quite runny and makes a thin layer on the bottom of the frying pan when the pan is tipped to one side .
The batter uses the bat to try to hit a pitched ball so that he may run around the bases and score points .
The batting team sends its players up to home plate in a special order .
The batting team wants to get runs .
The battle at Marion was a Union victory .
The battle boosted American morale .
The battle consisted of two engagements in the plain west of the ancient city of Philippi .
The battle degenerated into a matter of prestige of two nations literally for the sake of fighting .
The battle droids are controlled by a centeral droid control ship .
The battle ended the period of triumphant Roman expansion that had followed the end of the Civil Wars 40 years earlier .
The battle ended with a clear victory for the British forces .
The battle ended with the almost complete destruction of the Russian Second Army .
The battle has been passed down in Islamic history as a decisive victory attributable to divine intervention and also the genius of Muhammad .
The battle on the city began in the Seelow Heights .
The battle took more American lives than any other battle in United States history .
The battle took place after the peace treaty had been signed .
The battle took place between middle of December 1944 to middle of January 1945 .
The battle was also unique in the fact that white soldiers were the minority in both forces .
The battle was fought between 17 July 1942 and 2 February 1943 .
The battle was held at a place called Marathon .
The battle was illustrated in a tapestry called the Bayeux Tapestry .
The battle was made up of two parts .
The battle was the climax of the second Persian invasion of Greece .
The battle was the last big naval fight of World War II .
The battlefield was not even a square ten kilometres .
The battles had been fought by his generals .
The bay is also east of the Malay Peninsula and west of India .
The bay is also home to the busy ferry operation between Basseterre and Charlestown on Nevis Island .
The bean bean kingdom ambassador comes to pay an unfriendly visit .
The bear woman gave birth to a baby .
The beat of this music is like the European waltz or polka .
The became very famous around the world after the videos were shown on YouTube .
The bedstone does not turn .
The belly is lighter .
The below is a list of such holidays .
The berry is oblong and ovoid .
The best artists in Florence were asked to design them .
The best available hotels are Pine View Hotel and Greens Hotel .
The best known examples of the gavotte are found in the suites and partitas written by J.S. Bach .
The best known of her songs is Stand by Your Man .
The best known one is Saint Louis Blues .
The best matcha has more sweetness and a deeper flavor than the normal grades of tea harvested later in the year .
The best way to stop malaria is to use a combination of methods .
The best ways are different in different places .
The bet is generally in the form of money .
The better flavor is due to the tree sending all its nutrients to the growing leaves .
The better qualities of parchment are named vellum .
The big bands of the 1940s and 1950s always used it too .
The big problem with carbon dioxide is that it is one of the greenhouse gases .
The big streets going north and south are in straight lines .
The biggest challenge in the classification system is how to account for the wide variety and severity of disabilities .
The biggest city in Santa Catarina is Joinville .
The biggest city is Leipzig .
The biggest industry in San Marino is tourism .
The biggest industry of Hawaii is tourism .
The biggest of them is DIN A0 .
The biggest particle accelerator in the world is the Large Hadron Collider at CERN in Europe .
The biggest place for theater is the Theatre Mohamed V in the center of the town .
The biggest problem is in Africa .
The biggest reason for a landslide is always that there is a slope and material goes down the slope because of gravity .
The biggest use of caffeine is as a stimulant .
The bile then gets mixed with blood and this gives a yellow color to the skin .
The biology of scrub typhus is even more complex .
The bird life counts more than 300 species .
The birthrate and population were declining .
The bishop in charge was Bishop Young who later became the Archbishop of Hobart .
The black caterpillar is banded with white and yellow stripes .
The black is for the mourning after the assassination .
The blade looks more like a scimitar moreso rather than of a wakizashi .
The blade of naginata ancestors was made of bronze .
The blades were thrown away after each use .
The bleeding occurs because the blood does not clot .
The blizzard dumped over 14 inches of snow from Oklahoma City to Chicago to Boston .
The blizzard dumped several inches of heavy snow on the far Northwest .
The blizzard ended by the night of February 1st .
The blizzard impacted the area on February 1st and ended by the night of February 1st .
The blizzard lasted from February 1st to the night of February 1st .
The blizzard made amounts greater than 14 inches of snow in Des Moines .
The block of stone was untouched for 25 years and was left in the cathedral workshop where it was getting damaged by the weather .
The blocked started in 2007 .
The blood was frozen in chunks and used for soup and pancakes .
The blood went all over the ice .
The board itself is usually placed on a box covered by glass .
The boat ride has views of Lake Huron and the Mackinac Bridge .
The body can become very dehydrated which can cause you to die .
The body controls calcium levels with many hormones .
The body follows the path of 8 and the feet movements generate light touch on the ground .
The body is made out of wood .
The body of someone who died would be put on show in the parlor while funeral was being organized .
The body of water is part of the Atlantic Ocean .
The body paragraphs are used to tell why your thesis is relevant .
The bombing turned the city into ruins .
The bombs were very destructive .
The book Hunminjeongeum Haeryebon states the 2 principles of Hangeul .
The book argues that this ability is the foundation of human cognition and consciousness .
The book became a New York Times bestseller .
The book became very famous and sold many copies .
The book follows him as he flies back and forth across the Atlantic looking for success .
The book has been published in several editions and translations and has never gone out of print .
The book has hundreds of photographs of her and contains her advice on life as an heiress .
The book has led to many arguments between those who agree with the book and those who do not .
The book has six full editions and one abridged .
The book is about a teenager called Alex. Alex speaks Nadsat in the book .
The book is about right and wrong .
The book is still highly praised for over 60 years because of its pictures and pace .
The book is the sixth Harry Potter book .
The book is very popular around the world .
The book notes that these letters and directions were not public and not respected or followed .
The book sets out the ideas and aims of communism .
The book tells the story of two sisters Olanna and Kainene during the Biafran War .
The book told the story about what happened to Hannibal Lecter after he escaped from prison .
The book was called Being Gardner Dozois and was about each published piece of fiction Dozois ever wrote .
The book was called Tarzan of the Apes .
The book was first published in 1988 .
The book was in the form of conversations between three men .
The book was made into a film called Bambi by Walt Disney Productions .
The book was originally published with the title The Naked Lunch in Paris in 1959 by Olympia Press .
The book was seen as being bad by the New York Society for the Suppression of Vice .
The book was so popular a statue of a mother duck and her eight ducklings were set up in the Public Garden .
The book was very successful .
The book was written over a period of almost thirty years and was published in 1981 .
The book went over thousands of years of human history .
The books describe village life through the seasons of the year
The books were later made into a television series and a movie .
The books were originally written in the 1930s .
The borders of Eastern Europe are not clear as regions are not physical features that can be defined by neutral criteria .
The borhyaenids and the sabertooth Thylacosmilus are no longer considered to be marsupials .
The bottom front part of its beak was shaped like a shovel .
The bottom layer is the forest floor .
The boundaries between moving plates form the largest fault surfaces on Earth .
The boundaries of each electorate are often changed to keep the the number of people in each electorate is the same .
The boundary is vague .
The boy did not allow him .
The boy did not get sick from smallpox .
The boy of dirt became alive .
The boy was taken to an army captain whose name was Wessenig .
The branches of the NSE are located throughout India .
The bread is placed down first and then the filling is placed on top of it .
The bridegroom is Jesus Christ .
The bridge is to promote easier access to Mongla Port to expedite enhanced cargo handling .
The bridge often has adjustments that allow the height of the strings to be changed .
The bridge spans across the Bosporus strait .
The bridge will be demolished and rebuilt once the abutments have been shifted .
The buds open into blossoms and green leaves in Spring .
The bugs eat the trapped insects .
The builder was James Wallace of 123 Sussex St Sydney .
The building houses the library for the town town and a hall .
The building opened in 2003 .
The building was built in 1912 .
The building was designed by the architects Ictinus and Callicrates .
The building was moved to its present location in 1832 .
The building was rebuilt and the Peace Tower was finished in 1927 .
The building was renovated in 1907 .
The building we now see is a late Romanesque building with four big towers .
The building we see today dates from 1860 .
The building we see today was built in the 1890s where the Bolshoi Theatre of Saint Petersburg had stood .
The buildings use forced perspective to make the street look longer than it really is and Cinderella Castle look taller .
The bulge is located in the outer root sheath at the insertion point of the arrector pili muscle .
The bunker walls were 1.5 metres thick and it was almost bomb proof .
The burghers and bankers had more power in this looser system .
The burning of the capsaicin will mask the real pain .
The business cards help the personal communication as small patterns .
The business was bought in 1971 by Leonard Riggio .
The cabinet is usually formed from the largest party in Parliament .
The cables often look like braids .
The cache only has a limited size .
The caching policy may also say that a certain datum must be written to cache .
The cadmium is condensed and used .
The caffeine chemical is called a xanthine alkaloid .
The calcium metal is liquid .
The calendar most commonly used by people in the Western world is the Gregorian Calendar .
The camp is 3 days long .
The camp opened in 1942 and was closed in 1945 .
The camp was established by the Ustasha regime in August 1941 and dismantled in April 1945 .
The campaign started with a naval attack along the Dardanelles which failed .
The campus buildings are built from a master plan drawn by architect Kenzo Tange .
The campus has many modern facilities for teaching and research .
The campus opened and the first class of students arrived in 1970 .
The can then be cut or left on the cloth .
The canon is based on the first and second lines of the chorale .
The canon moves mostly in quavers and is based on the chorale tune .
The canon this time is between the left hand and the pedals .
The canopy is like a huge green roof over the forest .
The canton is one of the drier parts of Switzerland in its central Rhone valley .
The canton of Valais is in the south of Switzerland .
The cantons are listed in the order given in the federal constitution .
The capacity and need to ejaculate is nurtured for years from an early age through fellatio so that it can be consumed rather than wasted .
The capacity to learn and use language is inherited .
The caper story is a special sort of crime story .
The capital and largest city of Hawaii is Honolulu on the island named Oahu .
The capital before that was Abidjan .
The capital city also has one of the few breweries on the island .
The capital city is Asuncion .
The capital city is Dushanbe .
The capital city is Hanga Roa .
The capital city is Lausanne .
The capital city is Tacna .
The capital city of Bahia is Salvador .
The capital city of Malacca is Malacca Town .
The capital city of Pahang is Kuantan .
The capital city of Palau is Melekeok .
The capital city of Papua New Guinea is Port Moresby .
The capital city of Sabah is Kota Kinabalu .
The capital city of Saitama Prefecture is Saitama City .
The capital city of Sarawak is Kuching .
The capital city of the district is Cevio .
The capital city of the region was Dundee .
The capital is Ancona .
The capital is Cagliari .
The capital is Catanzaro .
The capital is Magdeburg .
The capital is Napoli .
The capital is Potenza .
The capital is Riga .
The capital is Rome .
The capital is Sacramento .
The capital is Santander .
The capital is Stuttgart .
The capital is Thira .
The capital is also called Zacatecas .
The capital is called Dresden .
The capital is the city of Yokohama .
The capital of Dacia was Sarmizegetusa .
The capital of Jalisco is called Guadalajara .
The capital of Laconia is Sparta .
The capital of Laos is Vientiane .
The capital of Malawi is Lilongwe and the spoken languages are English and the official language Chichewa .
The capital of Mali is Bamako .
The capital of Malta is Valletta .
The capital of Manitoba is the City of Winnipeg .
The capital of Marshall Islands is Majuro .
The capital of Navarre is Pamplona .
The capital of Qatar is Doha .
The capital of Salamat is Am Timan .
The capital of Samoa is Apia .
The capital of Samos is Samos City .
The capital of Vanuatu is Port Vila .
The capital of the Voivodeship is Warsaw .
The capital of the county is Damavand .
The capital of the county is Hashtgerd .
The capital of the county is Karaj .
The capital of the county is Mahallat .
The capital of the county is Nazarabad .
The capital of the county is Pakdasht .
The capital of the county is Saveh .
The capital of the county is Tafresh .
The capital of the county is Varamin .
The capital of the county is Zarandieh .
The capital of the region is Namur .
The capital of the state is Bhopal .
The capital used to be Valladolid until 1560 .
The capital was Nasirabad town .
The capitalist amasses capital by paying the worker less wealth than they make for the Capitalist .
The caps lock button is located on most keyboards above the Shift key and below the Tab key on the left .
The captain has to participate in the coin toss before the match and before a penalty shootout .
The captaincy of Santa Catarina was created in 1738 .
The car with the bomb attached to it will detonate and will usually explode into fire and scrap .
The carambola has been growing in parts of Asia for hundreds of years .
The carbon cycle is the way carbon is stored and replaced on Earth .
The carbon monoxide takes the oxygen from the iron ore when heated in a large oven called a blast furnace .
The carbon monoxide turns into carbon dioxide .
The cardinality of a set is the cardinal number that tells how many things are in the set .
The carolingian abbey was the only one to be spared by the Vikings .
The carousel emerged as a ride when a toy dealer in France showed wooden horses on a rotating platform moved by human power or horsepower in the beginning of 18th century .
The cars are classified into three different weight classes .
The cars were driven by JJ Lehto and Karl Wendlinger .
The cartoon might be a drawing for a painting that was going to be put onto a wall or ceiling in fresco .
The cartoon showed a sailor clinging to a piece of wreckage .
The cartoon would be pinned against the wall and its design marked onto the plastered of the wall .
The cartridge is a lot larger than in most Game Boy Advance games .
The carvings round the side tell of various episodes in the lives of the imperial couple .
The case went on for two years before Cabell and his publishers won .
The cash was never repaid .
The cashew is a tropical tree in the flowering plant .
The cassowary drawings were completed by Henry Richter .
The cassowary lives in the tropical rainforests of New Guinea and north eastern Australia .
The caste system is a system in India that was once mainly used by Hindus .
The caste was first made up of slaves .
The casting decisions were also negatively received by several critics who stated that the original casting call expressed a preference for Caucasian actors over others .
The castle earthworks were begun in 1070 .
The castle grounds include a large park .
The castle has a very high wall walk .
The castle was built in the thirteenth century .
The castle was once the family home of the Earls of Warwick .
The castor sacs are not glands .
The castrati pupils were given special treatment .
The cat is named Snowball II .
The cat sat in the shop window .
The catacombs go on for approximately 186 miles .
The catagen phase is a short transition stage that occurs at the end of the anagen phase .
The catalogue was made by Wolfgang Schmieder in 1950 .
The catalytic converter converts carbon monoxide into carbon dioxide .
The catcher crouches behind the home plate and catches the ball thrown by the pitcher .
The catcher uses signals to tell the pitcher where to throw the ball .
The categorical imperative is an idea that Immanuel Kant had about ethics .
The categorical imperative says that we should act in ways that we can wish that every person would act .
The categories into which the scale separates hurricanes are noted by the strength of their maximum sustained wind speeds .
The category is for American photographers .
The category is for articles and events specifically related to the decade beginning with the year 2000 and ending with the year 2009 .
The category is for articles and events specifically related to the decade of the 1500s which begins in the year 1500 and ends in the year 1509 .
The category is for articles and events specifically related to the decade of the 1600s which begins in the year 1600 and ends in the year 1609 .
The category is for articles and events specifically related to the decade of the 1800s which begins in the year 1800 and ends in the year 1809 .
The category is for articles and events specifically related to the decade of the 1880s which begins in the year 1880 and ends in the year 1889 .
The category is for articles and events specifically related to the decade of the 1900s which begins in the year 1900 and ends in the year 1909 .
The category is for articles and events specifically related to the decade of the 1940s which begins in the year 1940 and ends in the year 1949 .
The category is for articles and events specifically related to the decade of the 1990s which begins in the year 1990 and ends in the year 1999 .
The caterpillar is ringed with black and white bands .
The caterpillar makes a cocoon within a leaf .
The caterpillars and adults are poisonous to vertebrates .
The cathar church did not build anything .
The cathedral also contains examples of some of the earliest and best Quattrocento paintings of the Iberian Peninsula .
The cathedral first had an organ in 1415 .
The cathedral has seen every important change in English life for 1400 years .
The cathedral is a working church .
The cathedral is under the administration of the Roman Catholic Church and is the seat of the Archbishop of Bamberg .
The cathode ray tube or CRT was invented by Karl Ferdinand Braun .
The cathode repels the electrons towards the screen because they have the same charge .
The cattle is later sold or slaughtered to provide meat .
The cause of death was heart attack .
The cause of his death remains unclear at this time .
The cause of these earthquakes is believed to be the rising of molten magma because there are no faults or tectonic plate boundaries .
The caves were discovered in 1940 .
The celebration or appeasement of animistic spirits takes place with dance and song in ancient performances in many parts of the world .
The cell is told to act and it opens the channels .
The cello teacher mentioned a long list of cello pieces and asked him which ones he played .
The cells typically have two slightly unequal flagella and a unique organelle called a haptonema .
The centenary of the festival was celebrated in 1976 with a great production of the Ring directed by the French director Patrice Chereau .
The center fielder usually decides who should catch fly balls .
The center of the city was constructed in three years .
The center of the galaxy has higher levels of radiation which would prevent life from forming .
The ceramics had complicated painted patterns on them .
The ceremony culminates in a public ejaculation before a celebration .
The ceremony is usually called a wedding .
The ceremony was at Government House in Canberra .
The chain of websites is owned by the Sulake Corporation and has been online since 2000 .
The chairman of the party is Marc Abramsson .
The challenge to level up does helps some people to continue playing because they like a challenge .
The challenger was represented by the color blue .
The chambered section is called the phragmocone .
The champions of the National League plays against the champions of the American League in the World Series .
The change from writing music in the Baroque style to the Classical style was much more gradual .
The change in 1955 has turned 1985 into a bad world .
The change was because the college did not have enough money .
The change was to give more composers the opportunity to serve .
The change was to support the idea that Paralympians have a spirit of competition and that the IPC as an organization realizes its potential and is moving forward to achieve it .
The changing styles show just as much about history and the time period as any history book .
The chapel where he was buried was destroyed by an earthquake in 1688 .
The character Bagpuss was a toy cat .
The character Harry Potter is the hero in the stories .
The character has a limited number of Health Points .
The character is played by Taylor Lautner .
The character may also get sick from radiation .
The character of Bart is an anagram of brat .
The character of Hannibal Lecter has become very popular in American culture .
The character was made by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko and voiced by Zach Tyler Eisen .
The characters are often identified with the Hindu Gods Shiva and Parvati .
The characters voice is done by Julie Kavner .
The charity was started to provide funding for the education and shelter of Thai children .
The chassis are made of steel tube .
The chassis must flex enough to work as the suspension .
The cheetah is not in this group because it is more closely related to the small cats .
The chemical contents of caecilian poison have not been well studied .
The chemical element named darmstadtium is named after the city .
The chemistry of hafnium is similar to zirconium .
The cherry blossom trees were given to the United States by Japan in 1912 .
The chickpea was used as a food item in the Levant before 4000 BC .
The chief town and capital of all three duchies was Eisenach .
The chief town and capital was Weimar .
The child knows someone must have written those books .
The children were chosen by a lottery .
The choir at Hereford was not very good .
The choreographer Bronislava Nijinska was his sister .
The chosen seedlings are planted in the rice fields again in December .
The church of Agios Antreas is one of biggest churches in Greece .
The church was founded by St. Augustine in 607 AD .
The church was renovated in the eighteenth century .
The church would one decade later become known as the Metropolitan Baptist Church .
The circle layout for a bastide was very rare .
The circle of Radiohead fans began to grow .
The circuit has been criticised by the drivers for its lack of overtaking opportunites .
The circuit hosted a round of the Spanish F3 Championship and International GT Open .
The circuit is designed by KBR Inc. .
The circuit was designed by Hermann Tilke .
The circular scale is divided into four quadrants .
The circular target is called the Dartboard .
The circumstellar habitable zone is an area around a star where a planet would be able to have liquid water .
The circus often performed abroad .
The citadel held out .
The citizens once again voted to stay in Canada .
The city also has a few official galleries and an archeological museum .
The city also tried to host the 2010 Commonwealth Games .
The city and surrounding area has almost 100 golf courses .
The city and the region is named after this small river .
The city belonged to Germany until 1945 .
The city came under Russian rule in 1868 .
The city can easily be reached .
The city center has over a lot of park and ride sites .
The city center lies near the river .
The city connected to the Swiss Central Railroad in 1856 .
The city continues to be an important religious place .
The city developed around a benedictine abbey in the 13th century .
The city gets its name from the famous Roman baths which are in the town .
The city grew around the French military post on the Ubangi river .
The city had that name from 1254 to 1945 .
The city has 6 million people who live in the metropolitan area .
The city has a compound name in the fashion of almost all Spanish settlements in America .
The city has a history of important transport inventions .
The city has a population of nearly 1 million .
The city has a very important university started in 1218 .
The city has academies of sculpture and fine arts and a museum of statuaries and antiquities .
The city has also built places for people to have fun .
The city has an average temperature is 23C gets about 150 mm of rain each month .
The city has been administrated by social democratic city councils since the 1950s .
The city has had two destructive earthquakes in the 20th century .
The city has many canals and rivers which were a big part in its earlier growth .
The city has more Victorian houses per person than anywhere else in United States .
The city has one of the biggest bus networks outside London with over 50 bus companies operating in the Greater Manchester area around the city .
The city has people living in it from a large number of different cultures .
The city has the busiest port in Mexico .
The city is a trade seaport for items leaving Africa .
The city is about 20km from either Arles or Avignon .
The city is along the coast of the Marmara Sea .
The city is also famous as the birthplace of singer Tom Petty .
The city is also known as the location of the Point Pinos Lighthouse .
The city is also part of a railway route .
The city is also the capital of the district of Aarau .
The city is at 110 km from Santo Domingo and 25 km to the west of El Seibo .
The city is crossed by the Pakistan Railways and many main roads of the province .
The city is famous for the tanning industries .
The city is famous since medieval times for granite buildings in 16th century .
The city is home to many industries and factories .
The city is home to the Parliament of the Canary Islands .
The city is in the southern half of Alberta near the Rocky Mountains .
The city is known for it large Urban Renewal Project that tore down much of its historic Main Street area .
The city is located 20 to 30 km north of central Tokyo .
The city is located at the shore of Lake Managua .
The city is located on both sides of the Mississippi River .
The city is located on the Atlantic Ocean at the mouth of the river Bou Regreg .
The city is located on the Nile River .
The city is located on the shore of Lake Victoria .
The city is mainly urban areas but also has some areas which are mainly of farmland .
The city is mostly below 20 m above sea level .
The city is named after Rawal Jaisal .
The city is named after Sir Henry Hamilton who was the governor of Hamilton from 1778 to 1794 .
The city is next to San Francisco International Airport and Golden Gate National Cemetery .
The city is on a plateau 781 meters above sea level .
The city is on the Hunter River .
The city is on the right of the Red River .
The city is one center and symbol of the Kurdish nationalism .
The city is said to be as City of Festivals almost all the days in year is having at least a small festival .
The city is served by Sultan Mahmud Badaruddin II Airport which has many flights to many cities in Indonesia and also to Singapore and Malaysia .
The city is served by the Banjul International Airport .
The city is the 3rd largest in Jordan .
The city is the capital and largest city in Egypt .
The city is the capital of Larkana District .
The city is the capital of Mardan District .
The city is the capital of the Meurthe et Moselle department .
The city is the capital of the district Lausanne .
The city is the county seat of Baldwin County .
The city is the county seat of Fayette County .
The city is the county seat of Marion County .
The city is the county seat of Talladega County .
The city is the county seat of Tallapoosa County .
The city is the county seat of Wilkes County .
The city is the financial and commercial center of Pakistan .
The city is the largest town on the island .
The city is very old and is also famous for being the city where it is believed Jesus grew up .
The city itself is subdivided into 8 Union Councils .
The city lies on the coast of the Arabian Sea west of the Indus River delta .
The city lies within the parish of Saint George Basseterre and the southern part of the parish of Saint Peter Basseterre .
The city loop goes around the central business district .
The city name can be translated as the one who won .
The city of Bahawalnagar is the capital .
The city of Bahawalpur is the capital .
The city of Bannu is the capital .
The city of Basseterre is a financial center in the Eastern Caribbean .
The city of Batagram is the capital .
The city of Faisalabad is the capital .
The city of Hafizabad is the capital .
The city of Haripur is the capital .
The city of Jacobabad is the capital of the District .
The city of Kano was founded around A.D. 1000 as an Hausa city of its own .
The city of Karak is the capital .
The city of Kasur is the capital .
The city of Lahore is the capital .
The city of Lakki Marwat is the capital .
The city of Layyah is the capital .
The city of Ludwigshafen is on the opposite bank of the Rhine .
The city of Mandi Bahauddin is the capital .
The city of Mandi Bahauddin is the headquarters of the tehsil .
The city of Mansehra is the capital .
The city of Mardan is the capital .
The city of Nagua is almost at sea level .
The city of Nankana Sahib is the capital .
The city of Narowal is the capital .
The city of Pakpattan is the capital .
The city of Rajanpur is the capital .
The city of Rawalpindi is the capital .
The city of Sahiwal is the capital .
The city of Sanghar is the capital .
The city of Santiago de los Caballeros is the most important Dominican city close to the river .
The city of Sargodha is the capital .
The city of Skyline can be found inside of Mankato .
The city of Tank is the capital .
The city of Vancouver was incorporated in 1857 and was over three times as big by 1909 .
The city received a federal loan and debt restructuring .
The city square is made between the two streets .
The city streets in the old city of Hamilton follow a pattern .
The city usually has hot and humid weather during much of the year .
The city was a major trade center .
The city was again destroyed in 2011 because of the 2011 Sendai earthquake and tsunami .
The city was also the birthplace of Admiral Joseph M. Reeves .
The city was built in the Rhine River valley where the Rhine and the Neckar Rivers meet .
The city was destroyed by a fire in 1841 .
The city was first called Muckle Ridge .
The city was first founded by the British in 1827 .
The city was founded by the Romans in the year 48 .
The city was founded in 1899 as a railway depot linking Uganda to Mombasa .
The city was initially founded between 1771 and 1776 with some families that came from Monte Cristi .
The city was protected by high walls and eleven towers which were built in the 12th century .
The city was started in 1531 .
The city was the capital of the Mali Federation from 1959 to 1960 .
The city went without a public park as both Lake Eva Park and Railroad Park were both undergoing some sort renovations .
The civil war in 1975 caused his family to move to their old home in Bassouriyeh .
The civil wars and Taliban rule left Afghanistan in ruins .
The cladogram presented below follows a study by Zhang and colleagues .
The classical Tamil literature and many inscriptions discovered also describe many smaller local rulers of that period .
The classical Tamil literature has many details of these performing arts .
The classical Tamil literature of that period record many practices peculiar to Tamil people .
The classical Tamil literature records details about the carnatic music .
The classical economist David Ricardo would use the above definition for the term fixed capital while including raw materials and intermediate products are part of his circulating capital .
The classical period ended at around 4th century .
The classical style of dances is described as being the most graceful of all the classical Indian dances .
The classification of crustaceans is currently being debated .
The classifications are used mainly for use in measuring the possible damage and flooding a hurricane will create when it makes landfall .
The clearest evidence comes from the large size of many parasitic families .
The client is not the application that changes data in the backing store .
The client may have made many changes to the datum in the cache .
The cliffs are one of the richest fossil locations in Britain .
The climate has hot summers and mild winters .
The climate is generally the same throughout the year .
The climate is hot and very dry .
The climate is tropical savanna .
The climate is very dry with very little rainfall .
The climate is very hot and dry .
The climate of Easter Island is subtropical maritime .
The climate of the island is warm and wet .
The climate of the town is mild .
The climate on Cape York Peninsula is tropical and monsoonal .
The climate there is semiarid to polar .
The clips were a tremendous hit and gained popularity in such a short time and gave the singer incredible fame in the Arab world .
The cloisters and chapter house were completed around 1280 .
The closing ceremony of the Paralympic Games takes place after all sporting events have finished .
The cloth used on baseball uniforms are also still being used today with some improvements .
The club began looking for another ground in 1926 .
The club colors are blue and white .
The club had an impressive array of talent .
The club had two options on how to fill the corner between the The Barclay and the Jarrold Stand .
The club plays in the Premier League and is owned by a company from Abu Dhabi .
The club previously based its headquarters at the social club adjoining Maine Road .
The club was formed in 1966 by Don Chambers in Texas .
The club was founded in 1877 and permanently closed in 2002 .
The club was founded in 1881 .
The club was founded in 1887 and play its home games at a stadium called Oakwell .
The club was founded in 1901 .
The club was reformed and renamed F.C. Halifax Town in July 2008 .
The club won the Football League in 1956 and 1957 .
The club would go on to win the Stanley Cup in a series against Vancouver .
The coal is burnt and gives off carbon dioxide which goes into the atmosphere .
The coat of arms of Vacallo is a V with three bunches of grapes .
The cocoon is firmly attached to the lower branches of the host plant .
The code is named after Richard Hamming who developed it in the 1940s .
The coil can be rotated on a vertical axis passing through its center .
The coil is attached to a thin pointer that traverses a calibrated scale .
The cold air front tends to come from the north west and the warm air front comes from the south west .
The collapse of these bubbles hits their prey in addition to the impact of the appendage against the striking surface .
The collection has works made in the late 19th century when the recorded sound and film industries were just beginning to those made in the present day .
The college did not have enough money because there were not enough students to support it .
The college is known for its emphasis on writing and speaking .
The college was established in 1769 by Congregational minister Eleazar Wheelock who wanted to use the college to Christianize the Native Americans .
The college was placed second in the Norrington Table .
The collisions between continental plates formed the greatest mountain ranges in the history of the Phanerozoic eon .
The colonial state and imperialist France later used it for getting troops of mercenaries and colonists during August 1764 .
The color of the flower can also be called floral lavender .
The color of the flower is still the standard for lavender but there are many other tones of light or medium violet now called lavender also .
The color tells how much salt there is left in the water .
The colored paints are put on over the top .
The colors used range from light blue to red to a very controversial tangerine .
The columns and rows usually have names or labels .
The combination of these has varied over time .
The combined stream runs southwest for approximately 45 miles and joins Indus River at Mithankot .
The come lasted nearly nine years until his death in 1984 .
The comma Johanneum is a disputed text passage in First John .
The commandos reached the bridge and took over the ship after 30 minutes .
The common way to reduce an amount of calculations is using the image pyramid .
The commune changed its name many time .
The commune is 12 km north of Thionville and 20 km south of the city of Luxembourg .
The communication is apparently quite effective .
The community created by this history has had many problems and has often been debated about by political and social writers .
The community is situated in an elevated area not much far from the sea where was found the old lighthouse that aided the ships to come in the port of the city .
The community of Bells Corners borders the inner side of the Greenbelt .
The community started from an old little farm named Ponta Verde that gave the neighborhood its name .
The company Airbus has an assembly plant for large civil aircrafts in Hamburg .
The company also helped developing motorcycles like Petronas FP1 .
The company also hosts an annual holiday book drive to collect books for disadvantaged children .
The company has worked with UNICEF since 1984 .
The company is owned by Christian Philip Anschutz .
The company is part of the same manufacturing group that includes Toyota Motor Ltd. .
The company owns everything that happens in major league baseball games .
The company principals were Alfred Walter Maley and Edmund MacKenzie Taunton .
The company was founded by Mike Richardson .
The company was founded for the sole purpose of building engines to the Sauber Formula One team .
The company was particularly influential because they treated male dancers as important .
The company was previously the sponsor of the Scottish Premier League .
The company was set up in 1907 .
The company was started in 1937 .
The company was started in London in 1903 and named after the area of the city where it was created .
The company went into bankruptcy in 1933 .
The competition was organised by the American Red Cross .
The competition was won by an architect from Chicago in the United States of America .
The compilation album Songs from the South got to Number 2 in 1997 .
The complete DNA sequence is known for many bacterial strains .
The completed monument was then a symbol of conservative German nationalism .
The complex of temples is near Luxor on the Nile in Egypt .
The compounds that certain halophiles make are valuable .
The compressor flywheel may drive a cooling fan .
The compromise was delay the slavery issue in the United States .
The computer screens show the missiles landing but no missiles actually land .
The computer used the Intel Woodcrest microprocessor .
The concert house Sibeliustalo in Lahti is named after Jean Sibelius .
The concerts are always conducted by famous conductors .
The conditions of the Pact were such that the succeeding and final two partitions of Poland were inevitable .
The conductor Valery Gergiev has been the general director there since 1988 .
The conductor was Riccardo Muti .
The confluence of rivers and other water sources make the region a natural output of crops such as sugar cane and animal breeding .
The congregation would join in singing the chorale at the end of the cantata .
The conquest of karma lies in intelligent action and unemotional response .
The conservation of the Kakapo has made the species well known .
The conservatory was founded in 1862 by the Russian pianist and composer Anton Rubinstein .
The conservatory was named after him in 1944 .
The consistency of style was achieved by the rapidity of the building .
The consonants and vowels are combined into blocks of syllables .
The constellation Sagittarius is a group of stars in one area of the night sky .
The constitution is the highest law in a state .
The constitutional court in Thailand said he could not have two jobs .
The construction of the longest cable way in the world was finished in 16th October 2010 in Armenia .
The construction was finished in 1653 .
The contemporary priesthood can trace its immediate origins to the first half of the 19th century .
The content that is not suitable for children to see usually includes sex or nudity outside a functional context .
The contest of disguise is also held .
The contestant he asked it to would provide what they thought the number of people who gave the answer the host gave .
The contestant in control had to predict whether each card was higher or lower than the card before it .
The contrabassoon adds richness to the sound of a full orchestra .
The control of calcium in the body is called calcium metabolism .
The controversial barcode designed was recently removed by Ferrari for the start of the Spanish Grand Prix .
The convent also contains many paintings by Fra Angelico .
The convict women were kept secure with both handcuffs and chains .
The cook pours the batter quickly into all the holes by pouring up and down the rows .
The copy that is produced that way is called carbon copy .
The core of Marxist thinking is called Materialism .
The corms are small brown balls up to in diameter and are covered in thick parallel fibers .
The corpus of Mandaean literature is quite large .
The cost of making the series was said to be one of the reasons for it ending .
The council has been controlled by the Labor Party since its reconstitution in 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972 .
The counterpart would be .
The countries of Yemen and Oman are south of Saudi Arabia .
The country became an important stop where airplanes filled up their fuel tanks .
The country belongs to the Commonwealth of Nations .
The country had all of the land from what is now Kuwait to Oman .
The country has recently emerged from a long civil war and the Khmer Rouge Years .
The country of Jordan has made the group illegal .
The country returned to regular participation with the 1996 Summer Games .
The country speaks English as its official language .
The country was ruled as a colony by England and France until it got its freedom in 1980 .
The county courts first met at the home of Ariel Jones near Fayetteville .
The county had been shrunk close to its current boundaries by 1840 through the creation of new counties from its original land .
The county has its own public school system called Carteret County Schools .
The county is a dry county .
The county is named after John W. Martin .
The county of Greater Manchester was made in 1974 .
The county owns the southeastern area of Lake Okeechobee .
The county seat is Baia Mare .
The county seat was New Troy until the court house there burned down in 1892 .
The county town is Cambridge .
The county town is Warwick .
The county town is Winchester .
The county was made in 1777 from Edgecombe County .
The county was made in 1777 from the northeastern part of Pasquotank County .
The county was made in 1792 from Mecklenburg County .
The county was made in 1841 from parts of Burke County and Wilkes County .
The county was made in 1842 from Lincoln County .
The county was made in 1855 from Cumberland County .
The couple and the former president lived there for about eight years .
The couple and their children reached the White House on November 26 1834 .
The couple combined a honeymoon with a business trip previously arranged by DiMaggio .
The couple had no children .
The couple lived in the family plantation farm in Tennessee .
The couple married in November 2006 .
The couple moved back to Gesualdo in 1597 .
The couple often traveled together to give organ recitals together .
The couple separated in 1780 .
The couple was imprisoned and the books confiscated and destroyed .
The couples compete against each other in a dance competition and one couple is eliminated in each episode .
The courage and dignity she displayed in the aftermath of that tragedy won her international admiration .
The course was called Darmstadt Holiday Course for New Music .
The court gave Scott ten years in gaol for the bank robbery and one year for escaping from Ballarat .
The covers are often made out of cardboard covered with cloth .
The cows give birth to one calf a year .
The cows of beef cattle are used to raise calves for meat .
The crash killed his female passenger .
The crash killer the popular Swedish driver Ronnie Peterson .
The crash started the Great Depression and stock prices did not reach the same level until late 1954 .
The cream is also put into bottles and sold .
The creation of New Amsterdam was recognized as the birth of New York City .
The creation of dance is called choreography .
The creators of the show made Aang to be frozen in an iceberg for 1000 years .
The critics did not like Hannibal Rising as much as they liked the first three books .
The crocodile knocked the motor car off the roadway with its tail .
The crop maintains the steady flow of food needed to sustain these big birds .
The crowd swept into the Bastille at about 5.30 pm .
The crowd watched as the executioner raised the axe high in the air .
The crusade became known as the Albigensian crusade after the town of Albi .
The crust is split up into parts called plates .
The crust is torn into sharp pieces as the hot lava underneath still moves .
The cultural and natural values of Kakadu National Park were recognized internationally when the Park was made a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
The culture of Cambodia has been influenced by India and China .
The currency of Qatar is called the Qatari Riyal .
The current Dalai Lama is His Holiness Tenzin Gyatso .
The current Madison Square Garden opened in 1968 .
The current Taoiseach is Enda Kenny .
The current chairman of the university is Martha Rivers Ingram .
The current definition of rookie for the award is based only on Major League playing .
The current director is Sarah Alexander .
The current government office region was created in 1994 .
The current head of government is Prime Minister Ralph Gonsalves .
The current holder of the trophy is Corey Perry of the Anaheim Ducks .
The current leader is Warren Truss .
The current mayor is Juhani Paajanen .
The current mayor is Timo P. Nieminen .
The current mayor of Jackson is Mark Barron .
The current mayor of Parma is Dean DePiero .
The current mayor of Waveland is Democrat Tommy Longo .
The current official music and words were made up in 1903 and have been taught in schools and accepted by the public .
The current population is around 2000 .
The current population of the species is about two million .
The current president of the college is Ralph Hexter .
The current president of the university is Alexander Gonzalez .
The current president of the university is Dr. Linwood H. Rose .
The current president of the university is Jerry M. Wallace .
The current president of the university is Jo Ann M. Gora .
The current president of the university is John J. Petillo .
The current president of the university is Kerry D. Romesburg .
The current president of the university is Mark A. Heckler .
The current president of the university is Stephen L. Weber .
The current president of the university is Susan Martin .
The current president of the university is William R. Harvey .
The current principal is Byron J Bentley .
The current principal of Raffles Institution is Lim Lai Cheng .
The current recording of the anthem is in the key of G Major .
The current release is named 2009.1 and was released in April 2009 .
The current status of the Mandaeans has prompted a number of American intellectuals and civil rights activists to call for their government to extend refugee status to the community .
The current terminal building opened in 1959 .
The current version of CSS is CSS 2 .
The curse on the ring is working .
The curved air flow from extratropical cyclones bringing cold air across the relatively warm Great Lakes can lead to narrow lake effect snow bands .
The curves are also claimed to show the body of a wriggling dragon .
The cycle ceases when the queen is pregnant .
The cycle starts over again .
The dachshund is a breed of dog .
The daddy is the father .
The daimyo were powerful feudal rulers from the 10th century to the early 19th century in Japan .
The dakini inspires spiritual practice .
The dam has a height of 148 m above the river bed .
The dam made Lake Burrendong .
The dam was built during the 1930s as a WPA project to give a major source of hydroelectric power for the state .
The dam was built in 1967 with funding from the World Bank .
The dam was completed in 1974 .
The damaged stand was eventually demolished completely .
The damper consists of an inner hub attached to the end of the crankshaft .
The dance is a type of communication for bees .
The dance is used for bees to get others to help them collect resources for the hive .
The dance type which is used in image dances is mime .
The dancers often click their heels on the 2nd or 3rd beat of the bar .
The dances in the game are all dances from the show .
The data can be stored in many ways .
The data in a database is organized in some way .
The data is saved with a goal .
The data is usually saved in a database .
The database schema uses logical formulas to create integrity constraints .
The date the first carom game was invented is not exactly known .
The date was for the Baisakhi festival which was also the Sikh new year .
The datum needs to be fetched from the backing store .
The day Saturday and planet Saturn are named after the Roman god .
The day he was crucified is known by Christians as Good Friday .
The dead people would bring with them cargo with tinned food and tools .
The deal to host the Valencia race was signed on 1 June 2007 .
The deal was made with the Valmor Sport group .
The death penalty against him was later changed to a prison sentence .
The decision was reaffirmed by the United States District Court of New York in September 2008 .
The declaration was later extended to take out all Catholics .
The deepest part of the lake is 210 feet deep .
The deepest part of the trench is known as the Challenger Deep .
The defeat and capture of king Francis I of France during the battle ushered in a period of Spanish occupation which lasted until 1713 .
The defeat of the referendum sealed the fate of the Government .
The definition of capitalism and the free market economy was introduced by the philosopher Adam Smith in his book The Wealth of Nations .
The demand for these herbs has increased since the 1980s .
The demesne was usually not a single plot of land .
The demoralizing effect napalm had on the enemy became apparent when scores of North Korean troops began to surrender to aircraft flying overhead .
The desert near the center of the planet are not liquid but do have more organics than Earth . .
The design for the church was by the architects Fowell Mansfield and Maclurcan of Sydney .
The design of the ground changed several times over its 80 year history .
The design on the badge is the same as the flag of Nova Scotia
The designer of the Countach was Gruppo Bertone .
The designer of the Jalpa was Carrozzeria Bertone .
The desk pad is a pad made out of felt .
The dessert is very popular in both countries and often eaten on special occasions .
The destruction of one of the Halos starts an emergency .
The details are not known .
The details of how the Tarawih are to be said is different between the different branches of Islam .
The details vary according to circumstances .
The detainees lived in these boxes .
The detainees were allowed to do things to keep themselves busy .
The determinant takes a square matrix and returns a number .
The development of laptops continued with various upgrades and additional functions added .
The development of the state is closely linked to the arrival of the immigrants .
The development tree of Mandriva Linux has always been known as Cooker .
The device was announced in the United States on 20 October 2009 .
The devil has strong teeth and jaws and will eat all its prey even bones and fur .
The devil is the same size as a small dog with a wide head and a short tail .
The diagonal compressor has a lower diameter diffuser than the equivalent centrifugal compressor .
The diagram illustrates the Gallic group in relation to other irregular satellites of Saturn .
The dialect boundaries are not however congruent with political boundaries .
The dialect he spoke shows that he must have come from Bavaria or Austria .
The dialects vary from sounding overtly English to an indistinguishable form very similar to those spoken in the northern states .
The diameter of the moon is 7 km .
The difference between Classicism and baroque in video .
The difference between liquids and gases is that liquids can have an edge .
The difference between normal wasps and mud daubers can be seen easily because of its long petiole .
The difference between some types is in how coarse or fine the meat is chopped .
The difference between these two dialects is in the use of sounds .
The difference in size between the figures in the foreground and the figures in the background create distance in the picture .
The difference is connected with feeding .
The differences between the two are mainly based on the amount of silicon in the alloy .
The different geographical areas of Kakadu have their own specialised plants .
The different levels are for trains going to the north and west suburbs or to the south and east suburbs .
The different parts of the Ramayana are also called books .
The difficulty is to line up the Mesopotamian dates with the Ancient Egyptian dates .
The diffuser is often used to turn diagonal flow to the axial direction .
The digits after the decimal point in an irrational number do not repeat .
The diocese is headed by a Bishop
The direction and duration of waggle runs show the direction and distance to flowers .
The direction of the needle in this situation is called magnetic north which differs from geographical north by a few degrees .
The director made him spend hours gently comforting Monroe as she prepared to film her scenes .
The director of Bad Lieutenant is Abel Ferrara .
The directors thought this was very impressive and she got the job .
The disabled bays are usually wider than ordinary bays so that the vehicle doors can be opened wide for the disabled person to get out .
The disappearance generated a media sensation in both the U.S. and Aruba and sparked considerable interest in the Netherlands .
The discoverer of the island was Diogo Silves during his journey to Madeira in 1427 .
The discovery was published in 1973 .
The disease Fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva causes people to have a small hallux .
The disease could give the patient slow reaction time and poor hand to mind coordination .
The disease did not kill the soldiers but it did stop them from fighting .
The disease happens in unhealthy people .
The disease has already killed more than half of the Tasmanian devils .
The disease is caused by any of the Candida species of yeast .
The disease is transmitted through the saliva and the blood .
The disease stopped his growth at an early age .
The dish is claimed by both Campania and Sicily .
The dish is sometimes constructed of a conductive wire mesh whose openings are smaller than a wavelength .
The dish originally came from Egypt .
The dish was invented by Javanese street vendors .
The dishes usually come originally from Korea or China .
The dispatcher died a few weeks after the crash .
The disputes ended when the revolutionary New York Provincial Congress took power in 1775 .
The distance and geological features only aided the longevity of this linguistic oasis for over one and half thousand years .
The distance between Gabriel Island and Flat Island is only 750 meters .
The distance between hive and flowers is shown in the duration of the waggle runs .
The distance to Agua Prieta is 123 k. The town is oconnected to Aguq Prieta by a railroad .
The distribution of rainfall in the Sahel region is uneven .
The district has a current population of around 1.5 million .
The district has a total population of about 2000 people .
The district is divided into 9 Tehsil and 21 union councils .
The district is well known for its confectionery and bakery products .
The district of Karak is administratively subdivided into three tehsils .
The district used to be called Fatehabad until 1860 .
The district was created in 1933 during British rule .
The district was established in 1993 by joining the old districts of Nauen and Rathenow .
The district was made in 1993 by joining the old districts of Bernau and Eberswalde .
The diversity of life began to resemble that of today .
The divorce was finalized after Marvin agreed to remit a portion of his royalties from his next album to Ms. Gordy .
The document they agreed is the earliest known peace treaty in world history .
The dog which ran the longest was Togo .
The domestic goat and other animals like it belong to this genus .
The dominant habitats are mangrove swamps and samphire flats .
The double bass did not have frets on its neck .
The downtown area of Daegu is Dongseongro .
The dragon came suddenly out of the lake while they were speaking .
The dragon lived in a cave under Wawel Hill on the banks of the river Wisla .
The dragon poisoned all the countryside .
The dragon was stealing farm animals and young girls .
The drawback is that snooping is not scalable .
The drawings were made into prints and were sold cheaply .
The dried manure of animals has been used as fuel throughout history .
The driest is the Atacama Desert in South America .
The driver backed down .
The driver can tell the attendant when he expects to be back .
The driver of the car had driven his car the wrong way .
The driver of the freight train later told that the dispatcher in the station had shown him a green light .
The driver then has to phone the clamping firm and arrange for them to unlock the clamp .
The drivers were worried that hitting the bumps could cause damage to the car .
The drop grows by collecting many cloud drops .
The drug has been used as a recreational drug .
The drum has two ends .
The dry season is from May to October .
The duc de Choiseul from France and the Prince of Starhemberg from Austria helped arrange the wedding .
The duo came from Philadelphia .
The dust in the Martian atmosphere make the Martian sunsets have a rather blue color .
The eagle on the shield has two heads .
The ear is the part of the body that lets people hear .
The ear works by directing sound to the inner ear .
The earliest Western dance music that we know are some of the medieval dances such as caroles and the Estampie .
The earliest examples of mantras are many hymns and verses of Vedas .
The earliest known supercontinent was called Rodina .
The earliest lauraceous fossils are from to the early Cretaceous .
The earliest razors known are from the Bronze Age .
The earliest records on Japan are from Chinese documents .
The early modern period also saw the rise and dominance of the economic theory of mercantilism .
The early modern period is a term used by historians for the period in Western Europe and its first colonies which spans the three centuries between the Middle Ages and the Industrial Revolution .
The earth was about to sink in the ocean .
The earthquake in 2005 with its earthquake center in Kashmir is the strongest so far .
The earthquake protection devices are some of the largest in the world as are the bridge bearings and expansion joints .
The east chancel is dedicated to St. George .
The east coast of Australia has many sunken valleys of which the most famous is Sydney Harbour .
The east wall of the antechamber is interrupted by a large opening with paintings of Osiris and Anubis .
The economic crisis was also a lot worse than FitzGerald had feared .
The economic resources of Cape Verde are largely dependent on agriculture and fishing .
The economy of Santa Fe de Antioquia is based on agriculture .
The economy of the Dominican Republic was in a financial crisis as the government was spending far more than the country could afford and was three billion dollars in debt .
The economy of the region is focused on agriculture .
The economy relied mainly on agriculture .
The economy was bad when the movie came out .
The economy was in trouble around 1990 .
The edge of a liquid is called a surface .
The edge of ocean currents can cause thunderstorm bands due to heat differences where they meet .
The effect of magnetism on global warming has not yet been researched .
The effect was to increase the availability of consumer commodities .
The effects of the disease usually start at a young age and often result in a quick death .
The effects of this are similar but storm surges can be much less .
The egg was a symbol of the earth to celebrate spring .
The eggs and chicks are often eaten by silver gulls .
The eggs are a brownish color .
The eggs are about 73 m long .
The eggs are bright orange .
The eggs are laid in a hollow part of a tree .
The eggs of the shrimp can lie in the dry lake beds for many years until the rains fall .
The eight hours of chewing each day wears down on their teeth .
The ejaculate is saved in a wad of animal skin and worn later to help conceive children .
The election is still regarded as rigged by most historians .
The election was run by the Global Automotive Elections Foundation .
The electric bass has many of the same parts as an electric guitar .
The electric field and the magnetic field are components of the electromagnetic field .
The electric guitars in hardcore bands are distorted and noisy because the people in the band have changed the guitar strings so they play notes that are lower than those a normal guitar can play .
The electric razor was the next big step .
The electromotive force is equal to the value of this integral .
The element was named for Darmstadt .
The element was named from the Latin name for the German state of Hessen .
The elementary schools normally cut off after grade 5 or grade 6 .
The elevation is 590 m.
The emergent layer is found at the top of the trees .
The emotional part of this dance form follows the rasa theory as written in the Vaishnava texts .
The empire also became larger and larger .
The encyclopedia was designed for the Roman Catholic Church .
The end of the Coal Measures marks the end of the Carboniferous period .
The end of the period is dated to 1907 .
The end result is the THC compound being breathed in combined with air rather than the THC compound being breathed in with smoke .
The ends of a magnet are called magnetic poles .
The enemies of heroes are Louhi and Joukahainen .
The energy that fat gives the body must be used up by moving or working .
The engines were nearly identical to the ones used by Ferrari .
The engravings and paintings show scenes and characters from Hindu mythology .
The entire island was symbolically given the George Cross for heroism .
The entire lake is inside the eastern Armenian province of Gegharkunik .
The entire party of Watership rabbits travel carefully to the edges of Efrafa .
The entire region is bordered by the Pacific Ocean to the west .
The epic was retold by Vaisampayana to Janamejaya at the advice of Vyasa .
The episode was about The Fonz jumping a shark .
The episode was written by John Swartzwelder and directed by David Silverman .
The epithet anesidora is also used to name Gaia or Demeter .
The equations form a consistent structure .
The equivalents in cuneiform and Egyptian hieroglyphics are called determinatives .
The error might make the data useless .
The escarpment varies from near vertical cliffs in the Jim Jim Falls area to isolated outliers and stepped cliffs in the North .
The evaporation of trapped moisture on the hairs increases the humidity of air as it is breathed in .
The event is shown at the same time to everyone ordering it .
The events that followed the Rowlatt Act in 1919 were also influenced by the events linked to the Ghadar conspiracy .
The evidence has mostly been based on that of Turkana Boy discovered in 1984 .
The evolution of wings in birds is an example .
The evolutionary time available for colonisation of hosts .
The exact borders of the Maya empire in the north are unclear .
The exact date of her birth is not known .
The exact error rate depends on the type of barcode .
The execution was performed by the Shiites .
The executioner chopped her head off with one blow .
The executive is the governing center of political authority .
The executive suggests new laws and deals with other countries .
The exhibition later moved to various locations .
The existing ticket hall and concourse will be remodelled .
The experience of playing in small groups was important for her development as a composer .
The experts explain that Samurai made the smallest possible moves with their tachi to kill the enemy .
The explanation is that light travels in a straight line and when some of the rays reflected from a bright subject pass through the small hole in thin material they do not scatter but cross and reform as an upside down image on a flat white surface held parallel to the hole .
The extent of the changes is much greater than people used to think .
The extra blood makes the skin look pink .
The extract from the letter that the magazine printed was the only thing that Anning ever published .
The eyes at the tip of the tentacles range from simple to more complex eyes . .
The face has a subdued expression while the eyes mostly express the bhaktirasa or the emotion of devotion .
The facility is built to withstand a magnitude 7.0 earthquake .
The fact of being married is called wedlock .
The fact that Kuwait had so much oil made the region even more tense .
The fact that Seth helped Ra reminded all of the gods that Seth was not all bad .
The factorial function grows very fast .
The factorization of every number is unique .
The faculty of speech .
The false gharial is native to six river systems in Sumatra and Malaysia .
The familiar Helix first appeared in that period .
The families of Patrick McGilligan and Ernest Blythe were also frequent visitors to the FitzGerald household .
The family Salamandridae is a family of amphibians .
The family became Protestants and ran away from France in the 17th century .
The family bury Marley under a tree in their front yard after paying their last respects to him .
The family had many servants .
The family includes about 1000 species in 75 genera .
The family is a group of carnivorous lizards .
The family moved to Dorking near London .
The family moved to South Africa when he was two .
The family shared a home with six boarders .
The family was very poor and Carl had to help in the home .
The famous Korean classic dramas are making many foreigners take a more interest in traditional Korean clothing as well .
The famous Renaissance composers Palestrina and Lassus had died a few years earlier .
The famous Russian mathematician Lobachevsky was its rector from 1827 till 1846 .
The famous Wiradjuri warrior Windradyne came from the upper Macquarie River region .
The famous chalk cliff Beachy Head is in the town .
The famous opening starts with a low chord of E flat which describes the bottom of the river Rhine .
The famous painter known as Fra Angelico was one of the first of the Dominican Friars to live and work there .
The fan vote during the match .
The farmers then sell the land to a cattle rancher or just leave and clear a new piece of land .
The fastest recorded speed of any kangaroo was 64 k set by a large female Eastern Grey Kangaroo .
The father went back to Africa by February 1875 .
The fault was the cause of the 1906 San Francisco earthquake .
The features change according to what strings are combining with tatamiberi .
The federal state is located in the southwest of Germany .
The female equivalent is a dandizette .
The female form of Gabriel is Gabrielle .
The female gathers together mud and puts it in her mouth to use when building her paper nest for her young .
The female gives birth to children with the semen provided by the male .
The female has a small white patch on the fore wing .
The female incubates the eggs for 10 weeks .
The female is mainly brown with an orange bill .
The female mates with two or three males each year .
The female will not eat towards this culmination and dies shortly thereafter .
The female will utter a loud yowl as the male pulls out of her .
The fertilized eggs remain dormant inside the mother until the summer solstice when foetal development restarts .
The festival generally lasts for a month and is held every year in the months of May and June .
The festival immediately became internationally famous .
The festival still continues now .
The festival took place for 157 days .
The fever from malaria usually comes very suddenly .
The few fertile regions today are fed by underground rivers and underground basins .
The few filibusters that had escaped went to Nicaragua .
The fiber gained from the banana plant has been used to make textiles for a long time .
The fictional Skarloey Railway was based on the Talyllyn Railway .
The field name is Dollinger Field .
The fielding team can do nothing to stop them .
The fielding team has a pitcher and a catcher .
The fifth book deals with Harry trying to make everyone else realize that Lord Voldemort has come back .
The fighting was caused by the arrival of William Walker in Nicaragua .
The figure also looks like that of a runner .
The figures are usually drawn by people called draftsman that are trained to draw in a special way .
The filing of patents on vaccine development processes can be viewed as an obstacle to the development of new vaccines .
The film became a very big success .
The film begins with two air force officers in a nuclear missile silo who are ordered to fire the missiles in the silo .
The film did not make back its production costs and was poorly received .
The film ends with the presentation of the Augsburg Confession .
The film focuses on World War II .
The film generally received an average rating from professional critics .
The film is famous and recevied a midquel titled Bambi II in 2006 .
The film showed Kazakhs as primitive prostitutes and rapists .
The film starred Jonathan Pryce as Martin Luther and Maurice Denham as Johann von Staupitz .
The film starred Niall MacGinnis as Luther .
The film starred collaborator and fellow Irish musician Glen Hansard .
The film stars Miley Cyrus .
The film was a hit .
The film was nominated for an Academy Award in the 81st Annual Academy Awards and won many awards at film festivals .
The film was nominated for three Academy Awards and was a big hit .
The film was not a critical or commercial success .
The film won screenwriter Arthur Caesar a Academy Award for Best Story .
The film won the 1998 Hugo Award .
The filming of The Seven Year Itch was completed in early 1955 .
The filming went well until Miller was required to travel to Europe on business .
The final battle of the war took place in January of 1815 .
The final book in the series was Hannibal Rising .
The final competitive match before the closure of the stadium took place on 11 May 2003 .
The final match was followed by short performances by musical acts Badly Drawn Boy and Doves .
The final ship in the convoy gave in as it was raided and hoist a white flag .
The final show was broadcast on 18 December 2009 .
The findings of Finlay and Ross were later confirmed by a medical board headed by Walter Reed in 1900 .
The finished film was dedicated to Mako .
The finished slates were sent by packhorse to the wharf at Pennal .
The finished tapestries belong to the Vatican and were made for the Sistine Chapel .
The fire on a candle can be put out by blowing air on it .
The first 9 of the autocephalous churches are led by patriarchs .
The first Baja Bug may have been built by Gary Emory of Parts Obsolete in or around 1968 .
The first Confederate volley of shots depleted the Union forces considerably .
The first Constituent congress of Peru took place in the chapel of the University of San Marcos in 1822 .
The first DBTG proposals had already been published in 1969 .
The first European settlement of the Peninsula was Port Arthur in the 1830s .
The first European settler was Elijah Combs who built a house near the river in 1795 .
The first European to discover the island group was Ferdinand Magellan in 1521 .
The first European to get through this barrier was A. C. Gregory from the north in March 1858 .
The first European to travel through the area was surveyor George Evans .
The first Europeans to arrive in Cape Verde were the Portuguese navigators Diogo Gomes and Antonio da Noli in 1460 .
The first Europeans to settle arrived in 1876 when gold was found near Cairns .
The first Formula BMW World Final took place in Bahrain .
The first French Dauphin was Charles V. The title is roughly equivalent to the English title Prince of Wales .
The first Gabonese president was Leon Mba .
The first Game Boy was released in 1989 .
The first Mac Pro was announced at the 2006 Apple Worldwide Developers Conference .
The first Match Game had different rules from this one and was shown on the NBC network starting in 1962 and ending in 1969 .
The first Persian invasion was a response to Greek involvement in the Ionian Revolt .
The first Vacheron Constantin boutique was opened in Geneva in 1906 .
The first athlete to compete was American gymnast George Eyser in 1904 .
The first award was given to Edward Ardizzone for Tim All Alone in 1956 .
The first bagel was made in 1683 when a baker from Vienna Austria was grateful to the King of Poland for saving Austria from the Turkish people .
The first ballet groups to perform in St Petersburg were Italian ballet dancers in the early 18th century .
The first baseball glove to be worn was by catcher Doug Allison in 1870 .
The first baseman and third baseman stand close to first base and third base .
The first baseman must then touch the batter or the base with the ball before the batter can touch first base .
The first beat of a bar feels stronger than the others .
The first beugel bakeries were founded in New York City in the 1920s .
The first biography written on him was by his contemporary Giovanni Villani .
The first bread was made by the Egyptians in 8000 BC and in the Middle ages most landlords had a bakery .
The first case malaria is usually much worse .
The first cassowary kept in a zoo was in Amsterdam in 1597 .
The first certain discovery of the island is from 1614 .
The first certain reference to the city dates to 1256 .
The first characters we see in the play are the three Witches .
The first commander of this group was Manfred von Richthofen .
The first daimyo were called shugo daimyo .
The first day on the Somme was the bloodiest day in British military history .
The first documents mentioning castrati are Italian church records from the 1550s .
The first episode aired on 13 January 2008 on BBC One and BBC HD .
The first fascist government was run by Benito Mussolini in Italy from 1922 until 1943 .
The first film to be made under the contract and production company was Bus Stop directed by Joshua Logan .
The first game shows were on radio .
The first game was called Super Mario Kart and was made for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System video game console in 1993 .
The first gastropods were exclusively marine .
The first gesture when we go in a house is to suggest a cup of tea .
The first group is Sri Lankan Tamils .
The first group mostly lives in the northern and eastern parts of Sri Lanka .
The first hall of fame was the Forum Augustum in Ancient Rome .
The first ice hockey woman crew plays in the first federal league .
The first is known as oral allergy syndrome .
The first known contact between Europeans and Aborigines took place on the west coast of the peninsula in 1606 .
The first land for houses in the town were sold in 1840 .
The first laptop was invented in 1969 by Bill Moggridge .
The first malacostracans appeared in the Cambrian period .
The first mayor of Gaborone was Rev J. D. Jones .
The first number tells us how many inches from the rail the balkine will be drawn .
The first official complete sell out came at Revolution 14 and is now a regular occurrence .
The first one failed and the main activity in Ribeira Grande was the exploitation of cotton farms .
The first one is that the consonants of Hangeul are patterned on vocal organs .
The first one was in use by 1812 .
The first pair is formed like a pincer .
The first pair is near the head .
The first part is Future World .
The first part is played on a Brownie guitar by Eric Clapton .
The first part to open will be 3.4 kilometres with five stations connecting Bugis on the East West Line to Chinatown on the North East Line .
The first part was built after the Battle of Normandy by British soldiers .
The first patch to be worn on all 16 major league uniform sleeves in one year was in 1939 .
The first patches to be used on major league uniforms were worn by the Chicago White Sox in 1907 .
The first people in ancient Pakistan lived 9000 years ago .
The first people of Hawaii were Polynesians .
The first people settled in this region in the Prehistoric Period .
The first people to come to Tasmania were the Australian aboriginals .
The first people to live here were the Australian aborigines .
The first people to live in the area were the Gundungura people .
The first person from Europe to see it was the Portuguese man Bartolomeu Dias .
The first person to talk about the genus that way was French botanist Joseph Pitton de Tournefort in 1700 .
The first person who had the idea of a separate state was Allama Iqbal in 1930 .
The first photos taken of Saddam after the soldiers found him did not look like the photos taken when he was president of Iraq .
The first place to be settled was Bethany in 1842 by people from both England and Germany .
The first player or pair to reach 21 points wins a game .
The first playoff round is called the Division Series .
The first predictions of a solar eclipse using the Saros were made by Greek philosophers .
The first public performance by the Ensemble of Balalaika Players took place in 1888 .
The first recorded use of baby blue as a color name in English was in 1892 .
The first recorded use of carmine as a color name in English was in 1523 .
The first recorded use of mallow as a color name in English was in 1611 .
The first recorded use of maroon as a color name in English was in 1789 .
The first recorded use of raspberry as a color name in English was in 1892 .
The first recorded use of salmon as a color name in English was in 1776 .
The first recorded use of the word lavender as a color term in English was in 1705 .
The first row is white .
The first rules did not include what is now called dribbling .
The first series of episodes started airing on 12 November 1973 .
The first series was created in 1978 after the successful theater release of Star Wars .
The first settlement by maroons in the region is from the beginning of the 16th century and was called Maniel Viejo de Ocoa .
The first settlement was about 25000 years ago .
The first settlers arrived in 1821 .
The first state fair happened in 1853 and has kept on happening .
The first steamer was placed on the lake in 1852 .
The first stomach stores the food that is not completely chewed .
The first subway in Asia was the subway in Tokyo .
The first subway in North America was the subway in Boston .
The first such razor was released in 1875 by the Campfe Brothers .
The first surviving written account comes from the Dutch .
The first symbol of this university is the statue of King Naresuan the great .
The first symptoms were shooting pains in the legs and this was followed by a very high fever .
The first table tennis gentleman crew plays for many years in the second federal league .
The first tanks were used by the British during World War I as a way of attacking enemy trenches .
The first test run took place two years later when Enzo Ferrari sent a car to the track .
The first thing is that the player can go to the map of the world and pick a level to go to .
The first three are the same as in the Nyingma school .
The first time abuse at Manatee Palms that is on public record happened in November 1991 when a staff worker sexually hurt a teenage patient .
The first time that The Rite of Spring was performed many in the audience hated it and booed and started to fight .
The first town established in Jackson County was Webbville in January 1827 .
The first town on the Indian side is Attari .
The first underground trains were powered with steam .
The first use of kamikaze aircraft was during this battle .
The first vaccination ever was for smallpox .
The first volume appeared in March 1907 .
The first was Alice Mary Robertson in 1921 .
The first was Bahrain .
The first was built in 1879 .
The first was on the Fifth Avenue site of the Empire State Building .
The first was to attack the supply lines of the other side .
The first work was started on Halo 3 before the release of Halo 2 in 2004 .
The first written mention is from 1231 as Lievenwerde .
The firstborn was John Luther .
The fish are named after the Island of Sardinia .
The fish can be easily recognized by a black line on the white side of the fish .
The fish finds human targets when people urinate near the fish .
The fish had been trapped in a pool of water that dried up .
The fish pieces are dipped into soya sauce before being eaten .
The flag of Canada shows a maple leaf .
The flag of England is white with a red cross .
The flag started with eight colors .
The flag was first made by Gilbert Baker .
The flag was first used at a LGBT pride parade in San Francisco in 1978 .
The flames of the Warsaw uprising consumed his literary archives and his entire unpublished works .
The flare causes the oil catch on fire .
The flavor of this language changes at North karnataka and South Karnataka .
The flesh of the wild cat and leopard is esteemed by most of the tribes .
The fleshy external end of the nasal septum is sometimes also called columella .
The flies pollinate the Rafflesia .
The floodplains of the Laura Basin are now protected in the Lakefield and Jack River National Parks .
The floor of the rain forest is often very open and easy to walk across .
The flora and fauna of a savannah is different from that of a rain forest .
The flora of the region has adapted to frequent fires .
The flower smells like a dead animal .
The flowers are classically pea shaped and root nodulation is very common .
The flowers are quite big .
The flowers have no petals or sepals .
The flowers of the saffron crocuses only last for one or two weeks .
The flux lines can be seen by placing iron filings over a magnet .
The folk music of Maharashtra is mixed .
The folk music shows a lot of excitement .
The followers of Baptist churches are known as Baptists .
The followers of Hasidism are called Hasidim .
The following February the stadium recorded the highest Football League attendance .
The following cities were part of the Hanse .
The following day the village of Gallo was taken in a similar fashion .
The following graph shows the results of an experiment of rolls of a die .
The following is a list of NHL players who have won the Art Ross Trophy in the NHL .
The following is a list of articles of ice hockey players who have won the Conn Smythe Trophy in the NHL .
The following is based on the observation that there is a small green apple .
The following is the list of films directed by Mani Ratnam .
The following month underwent gall bladder surgery .
The following pages are listed under the category Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila .
The following season Manchester City moved to City of Manchester Stadium in east Manchester .
The following table shows the municipalities with their populations in the 2002 census .
The following taxonomy of extant and recently extinct mammals is from Vaughan et al . 2000 .
The following two years saw the appearance of laptop PC from Compaq Computers and the first notebook style laptop from NEC called NEC UltraLite .
The food is served in small baskets .
The food of Maharashtra is different in each place .
The food that they eat is not expensive .
The foot covering part below the ankle bone was colored white or natural wool .
The football team is playing their homegames in the HSH Nordbank Arena .
The footpath today between Padstow in the north and Fowey in the south is 26 miles in length and is well marked .
The forces of King Ferdinand II of Aragon and Queen Isabella I of Castile fought against the armies of the Muslim Emirate of Granada .
The forest even provides a way to make hunting easier .
The formal president Noh Mu Hyun once planned to move parts of the major public administration buildings in Seoul to Daejeon .
The former Coalition members formed the Seventh Coalition and the Duke of Wellington of Great Britain defeated Napoleon again at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815 .
The formula is .
The fortifications consist of a double ring of ramparts and 53 towers .
The fortresses therefore lost their importance .
The fortunes of the brothers rose and fell over the years .
The fossil consists of most of the face and mandible with teeth .
The fossil record suggests that their dental pattern and shape has not changed in 45 million years .
The fossilized remains of Castorocauda lutrasimilis are an exception to this .
The fouls count does not reset and the team who gets the ball is determined by the alternating possession arrow .
The foundation stone was laid on 28 April 1220 .
The founders of a country are sometimes referred as Fathers .
The founders of this organization intended it to be a governing body to disability sports what the IOC was to the Olympic Games .
The four musicians first met Dmitri Shostakovich in 1946 .
The four players that now formed the quartet signed an oath that they would be loyal and stay together as a group .
The four rabbits barely run away after playing a trick on an Efrafan Captain .
The four state rulers continued in office but some matters became the responsibility of the Council of Rulers .
The four stories join together soon after .
The fracture itself is called a fault plane .
The frame is mounted vertically on a horizontal base provided with levelling screws .
The frame is usually a wood triangle .
The frame is usually made out of metal .
The franchise held a vote with the fans to choose a team name .
The freight train would have to wait in the station to allow the passenger train to pass .
The fresh herb can be kept for a short time in plastic bags in the refrigerator .
The frets on the bass guitar made it easier for musicians to play precise notes .
The friends are happy .
The front line had not changed very much .
The fruit of Capsicum plants have a variety of names .
The fruit of most species of Capsicum contains capsaicin .
The function is a line .
The function of the Council has been to advise and assist the President and Prime minister on national security and foreign policies .
The fundamental theorem of algebra can be proven from some basic results in complex analysis .
The funeral was at Wells Cathedral .
The fungus lives in symbiosis with a bacterium which is capable of destroying the fungicide .
The future for industry does not look good for Hamiltonians .
The gall protects the eggs while they develop .
The game also has theater mode which lets players record some of their best kills or plays from multiplayer mode .
The game can also be played with fewer than four pieces
The game ends if the player makes too many mistakes .
The game ends when they have run out of lives .
The game got really good ratings .
The game has a long history .
The game has many different versions for people to play on based on location .
The game has received very good reviews from game critics .
The game has some plot changes that are not in the show .
The game is called Puck Man in Japan .
The game is held in the middle of the season .
The game is played by 2 or more people .
The game is played in innings .
The game is set during World War II and is the fifth game in the popular Call of Duty series .
The game is set in the same fictional world as the rest of the Halo series .
The game is the third in the Fallout series of games .
The game offers three game modes .
The game start outs with Noble Team going on missions to deliver Cortana to the Spirt of Fire .
The game takes place in the year 2183 .
The game that made it popular was Tetris .
The game that was best sold was Super Mario Bros. 3 .
The game uses a fantasy world involving magic .
The game was also part of Namco Museum games .
The game was also supposed to be banned in Germany because of graphic violence .
The game was first released in 2002 .
The game was influential in changing the way games played over the internet .
The game was officially announced with a trailer at E3 2006 .
The game was released by Microsoft .
The game was released in North America in 2007 .
The game was reviewed as excellent by most of the media .
The game was talked about in E3 2006 .
The games are published by Microsoft and developed by Bungie Studios .
The games were held again at Stoke Mandeville in 1952 .
The gang held a big party for everyone in the hotel .
The ganggangsullae can last until dawn .
The garden was later moved to the occupation after World War II .
The garden was privately paid for and built by the architect Heinrich Siesmayer .
The gasses for the Haber process must be prepared before changing them into ammonia .
The gastrointestinal tract sheds its outer layer continuously to protect itself from carcinomas .
The gate was also one of the most protected objects in a castle .
The gatehouse with its drum towers dates from the 14th and 15th centuries .
The gauge is set in open ground with the funnel rim up to 30 cm above the ground surface .
The gene for Factor VIII is on the X chromosome .
The generals love napalm .
The genes controlling dark color spread through the population of moths .
The genes of the better mimics become more common in the species .
The genetic information transferred is often beneficial to the recipient .
The genetics of hair colors are not yet firmly established .
The genre is said to have started in the 1950s .
The genus of the kangaroo rats is called Dipodomys .
The genus was named by Linnaeus after Fr .
The geological fault that may initiate a tsunami and threaten the plant lies about 5 miles offshore
The geologist Preston Cloud first used the term in 1972 .
The gets now closer to .
The gi is white .
The giants hear what Loge is saying and decide that they want the gold instead of Freia .
The giants say that they must pile up the gold in front of Freia until they can not see her .
The girls of her school mean more to her than anything .
The glacier can be approached via the important Balti town of Skardu .
The glacier has carved striations on the surrounding country rocks .
The glands secrete mucus to make sexual intercourse easier .
The goal of it is to throw a heavy metal ball attached to a wire and handle .
The goal of the kata is help in the development of the qualities and the abilities both psychological and of the body .
The goddess Freyja receives half of the slain heroes as a share of power between the two clans .
The gods are now at the height of their glory .
The golden eagle is found over most of the world and it usually eats small mammals .
The government agency in charge of these issues is called Housing and Urban Development .
The government agency that runs the Mackinac Bridge charges motor vehicles a toll to drive over it .
The government banned performances that showed the history of the Edo period .
The government began building a number of important buildings in the late 1870s .
The government claimed it was to protect the state .
The government does not usually just give the inventor a patent .
The government has also established a free port area .
The government is looking at buying land for more corridors .
The government is made up of ministers and state secretaries .
The government kills him for doing this .
The government reads the letter to make sure that the invention is new .
The government sent extra police and a magistrate to the town .
The government uses the money collected from taxes to pay for things .
The government will also send the inventor a copy of his or her patent application with a special seal .
The governments make people pay a fee to send something .
The governor and legislature of California are in Sacramento .
The governor had a great impact on Dudley .
The graduates were accompanied by seven chaperones .
The granite rock formation is about 200 f high .
The great English poet Geoffrey Chaucer wrote ballades .
The great Irish famine was a great famine that lasted from 1846 to 1849 in Ireland .
The great days of sailing ships was from around the 15th century to the middle of the 19th century .
The great hammerhead is a fierce predator with a good sense of smell that helps it find its prey .
The great horned owl is the only predator of the barred owl .
The great inventor Leonardo Da Vinci believed that one day humans would fly .
The great pyramids of Giza and the step pyramid of Sakkara are located just outside of the city .
The great variety of insects is a result of the varied habitats and relatively high temperatures throughout the year .
The greatest town and main town is Arrecife .
The greedy dragon saw the salt filled sheep and ate it in one bite .
The green color of cloth was originally chosen to look similar to grass .
The green lime fruits are different from other limes because of their bumpy and rough exterior .
The green steppe became dry .
The griddle is generally called a girdle in Scotland .
The groom lifts the veil before or after the vows are taken .
The ground currently consists of two stands with a third due to start in the coming months .
The ground level is called the forest floor .
The group Heisei Nakamuraza directed by Nakamura Kanzaburou have become famous for their performances in foreign countries .
The group had more than two dozen artists and performers .
The group has its origins in Asia .
The group is led by Kalidas Baidya .
The group that was founded in Egypt in the 1960s .
The group took time off in August of 1971 to help George Harrison in the Concert for Bangladesh .
The group was based on the Nation of Islam .
The group was created in 1964 .
The group was formed and directed by the Russian Sergei Diaghilev .
The group was started in 1909 .
The group was started in 2003 .
The growth of the food supply however is only arithmetical .
The guests drink tea from the bowl .
The habitat of the endangered San Joaquin Kit Fox and the riparian brush rabbit also was near the San Joaquin River .
The hailstone gets bigger and bigger until it goes to the top of the cloud .
The hairs trap moisture as air is breathed out .
The halberd is a two handed pole weapon that has a axe blade topped with a spike mounted on a long shaft and a hook or thorn on the back side of the axe blade .
The half life of these isotopes is measured in milliseconds .
The halibut from the Atlantic ocean has been overfished .
The hall has a very large pipe organ which was completed in 2004 .
The halls that were destroyed in the war were redeveloped and expanded .
The hammerhead swims in warm and relatively warm water along the coastlines .
The hand points at a scale indicating the electric current .
The handle and frame of the racquet is usually made out of light materials such as graphite .
The hands can be draped across the ice or not .
The hanging gardens were destroyed in an earthquake after the 1st century BC .
The harbor of Langeoog is quite big .
The harmony just consists of the same E flat chord for the first 136 bars until the Rhine Maidens start to sing .
The harp is a musical instrument .
The harps make a sound like the waves .
The harvested shoots must first be boiled in lye to prepare the fibers for the making of the yarn .
The hatchlings are transparent and survive on a generous internal yolk for an unknown period before they begin to actively feed .
The head of the country is Malietoa Tanumafili II .
The headmaster is called Simon Davies .
The headquarters of the Kellogg Cereal Company is located in this city .
The health service is run in different ways depending on which country within the United Kingdom a person lives in .
The heat of a sauna is calming and makes the person using it sweat .
The heat they need to live is made chemically inside their body .
The heater is like a light bulb .
The heavy rain produced up to 1 inch of rain in some areas where the heavy rain was .
The heavy red carpets were taken away and the sound was better .
The high yearly rainfall has eroded deep valleys in the central mountain .
The highest elevations are found along a rim that closely follows the coastline .
The highest mountain in the Northwest is Mount Rainier .
The highest mountains of the island are in the Cordillera Central but in the Valverde province there are only low mountains .
The highest peaks of the Stara planina itself are in central Bulgaria .
The highest point in the Maldives is only 2 m high above the level of the sea .
The highest point in the state is Mount Sunflower near the Colorado border .
The highest point in the state is near the Colorado border .
The highest point is the 122 meter Jabal ad Dukhan .
The highest point lies in the forest and is 292m high .
The highest point of the city is 64m above sea level .
The highest rank in the domain of living things is the Kingdom .
The highest score that can be made by throwing three darts is 180 .
The highest tournament average is 2.536 by Dick Jaspers from the Netherlands in 2002 at a tournament in Monaco .
The highest waterfall in the world is Angel Falls in Venezuela where the water falls 979 m.
The hill is 305 meters high .
The hind wing has a row of red crescents like the ones on the upper side .
The historical record from that time shows an early bringing to light of the devotion .
The history of Easter Island is rich and controversial .
The history of Tamil people has three broad time periods as described below .
The history of Vacheron Constantin saw a lot of innovations .
The history of dance music is similar to the history of dance as well as to the history of music .
The history of law is closely connected to the development of human civilisations .
The history of technology is the history of the invention of tools and techniques for doing practical things .
The history of the knights at Malta continued the strong Roman Catholic beliefs in the country that were started by the Norman and Spanish rulers .
The history of the martial arts is wide .
The holes are drilled in at an angle so that the upper register is not overblown and produces an unpleasant sound .
The holes left by the mines were used by the Germans for machine guns though .
The holiday is held on the third Monday in February .
The holiday remembers the American men and women who fought during the Revolutionary War .
The holiday was created because people had campaigned for this to happen .
The horizontal lines in a matrix are called rows and the vertical lines are called columns .
The horses on the platform are connected to a pole attached to both the floor and the ceiling of the ride .
The host mixes the tea with hot water .
The host plants of Rafflesia are vines that grow in the rainforests of Southeast Asia .
The hosts of The Today Show also host this event by introducing new acts in the parade .
The house of Wettin is the rulers of the other states .
The house where he was born is a museum .
The houses not marked were looted .
The houses of the villages has got cubic scheme with intense white color .
The houses were built again after the war .
The huge Persian army arrived at the pass in late August or early September .
The huge outdoor bronze statue of Buddha at Kamakura is world famous .
The human body does not need caesium .
The human body uses the fat to make the body bigger .
The humans that are still alive have forgotten the past .
The humor theory treatment was popular until the 19th century with the discovery of cells .
The huts of the Masaba Kavirondo of west Elgon have the apex of the roof surmounted by a carved pole which Sir H. H. Johnston says is obviously a phallus .
The hypothesis was that flight only evolved once in mammals .
The ice hockey team the Calgary Flames plays in Calgary .
The ice storm dumped over 1 inch of ice on most of these areas .
The ice storm produced up to 1 inch of ice in some areas where the ice storm was .
The iconological program was the supremacy of the Papacy .
The idea came from other African instruments .
The idea of Homework debuted when Daft Punk signed with Virgin Records .
The idea of a canteen comes from ancient times when water and wine were carried in bags made from animal skins .
The idea of each game is that Mario and his friends must travel across a game board and earn stars and coins .
The idea of music which describes a story was quite a new idea at that time .
The idea of this system was developed in 1637 in two writings by Descartes .
The idea of two contrasting groups was used a lot in Baroque music .
The idea was thought even when Aristotle lived but was forgotten until the 11th century when Avicenna explored it again .
The identities of MB personal is classified .
The image is simple and pure .
The immune system is the way a body fights infection .
The importance of the occasion needed the presence and abilities of Galerius .
The inclusion of other disability groups rendered this explanation inappropriate .
The indigenous peoples of Peru made a tincture of cinchona to control malaria .
The infected mucosa of the mouth may look inflamed .
The infield is where the four bases are .
The influences from the outside left more traces in the Maya culture at that time .
The information obtained from data mining is hopefully both new and useful .
The information received by several radio telescopes in different places can be combined .
The inhabitants are called Bajocasses ou Bayeusains .
The inhabitants are called the Mayennais .
The inhabitants of the village expressed their admiration for the memory of the poet with a sculpture erected in the Millenium Park .
The ink dries almost as soon as it is on the paper .
The ink is made from soot and binders .
The ink stone is used to rub the solid ink stick into liquid ink .
The inner mantle is much thicker than the upper mantle .
The inner parlor was a place where the monks could talk without disturbing the others in the cloister .
The insect family Mantophasmatidae is the sole family in its order .
The insects gave the people who lived there diseases .
The institute has an important research center in Mexico called CINVESTAV .
The institute is a member of the League of European Research Universities .
The instrument is quite heavy .
The instrument is rarely used in a classical orchestra .
The instrument is two hand drums of different size and shape .
The instrument used in Laiharaoba is called the Pena .
The insulating action of the water helps to keep contents of the inner pot from boiling or scorching .
The integration is about the calculation of areas .
The intensity and size of the photophores can also be varied .
The interesting job for nanotechnologists is to use the same techniques to make new systems which do not happen in nature .
The interior decorations and outside changed many time .
The internet is changing the car rental industry with companies that are now called online car rental companies .
The intro is used to give basic knowledge about the thesis .
The invasion was very violent .
The invention also has to be hard to make .
The inventor can sell the letter to another person or a company .
The inventor must also pay the government a tax to get a patent .
The inventor of Slush Puppies previously stayed on a street in Carluke .
The investigation uncovered several Spanish athletes who had flouted the ID rules .
The investment cost for the Waldpolenz solar park amounts to some Euro 130 million .
The investors can get more and more profit if the businesses are successful .
The is called the cooperative principle .
The is the point where the area should start and the where the area ends .
The island also has many birds .
The island has a small airport and several buildings .
The island has an airfield that has been out of use for several years .
The island has been declared a nature conservation site and today is being preserved by the Mauritian Wildlife Foundation .
The island has got a scheme almost circular .
The island has got beautiful beaches and very beautiful villages .
The island has got many beautiful beaches .
The island has no trees .
The island has some key archaeological locations dating from early times .
The island is a major tourist attraction .
The island is a marine park and is an important breeding ground for seabirds and marine turtles in the Central Pacific .
The island is also wanted by Haiti .
The island is connected to the rest of Gambia by ferries to the north and bridges to the south .
The island is located in the southwest Indian Ocean .
The island is named after the Dutchman Jan Jacobs May van Schellinkhout who visited the island in 1614 .
The island is only about 3.5 miles by 1.25 miles .
The island is small enough for tourists to look around within an hour .
The island is the location of the Yas Marina Circuit .
The island is very touristic .
The island itself owes its very existence to the volcano .
The island of Mauritius is well known for being the only known home of the dodo .
The island of Nevis has some rights of self government and two seats in the federal parliament .
The island was created by vulcano eruptions .
The island was joined to the mainland until the end of the most recent ice age approximately 10 000 years ago .
The island was known to the Norse as Helluland .
The islanders have left a cultural legacy that has famous .
The islands Lindau and Mainau are located in the Obesee .
The islands are on the east Asian coast in the western part of the Pacific Ocean .
The islands are one of the 24 provinces of Ecuador .
The islands are popular with tourists because of their warm climate and nice beaches .
The islands have a very long and interesting history .
The islands have many mountains .
The islands vary in geographical characteristics .
The islands were at one point invaded by the Arabs in AD 870 .
The issuance of the currency is controlled by the State bank of Pakistan .
The issue for biologists is whether there is any sense in having the special term macroevolution .
The issue listed are the children of James II who survived into adulthood .
The item Soothe Bell multiplies this amount .
The jail has been housed in it since the Middle Ages .
The job of a Nazim is similar to that of a mayor .
The job of the cabinet is listed in the articles 62 to 69 of the constitution .
The job seems to have started in 1423 or 1424 but this is not certain .
The joints that are the hardest part of the fist are called knuckles .
The journal continued under his wife Edith Kurzweil until April 2003 .
The journalist was supposed to be making a movie depicting Kazakhs .
The juice diet may be continued till the acute symptoms subside .
The kakapo was also eaten by Maori and European settlers .
The kangaroo gave the man several big kicks before he was able to grab his dog and escape from the dam .
The kangaroo is featured holding the Australian coat of arms .
The kangaroo mouse collects food and maintains large stocks in their burrows .
The kangaroo was able to hold the dog underwater and nearly drowning it .
The karategi is made up of a white jacket and white pants .
The karateka has to show the consideration for its timing and ability to use it .
The katana could be easily used for cutting if it was made for using with both hands .
The key lime is a shrub that grows to a size of about 5 metres in height .
The key to designing a passive solar home is to best take advantage of the local climate .
The kind of bread used for falafel may be different .
The kind of money of Zaire was also called the zaire .
The kind of mosquito that carries malaria is the anopheles mosquito .
The kind of prophylactic medicines people take depends on where they are .
The king did not want his son to become a religious leader .
The king then sends the prince to Earth .
The klobuk is worn over the mantle .
The knife has the power to open most mechanically locks and magical seals .
The knights and the Maltese people survived a great attack by the Turks .
The knowledge of the location of oases has been important for trade and transportation routes in desert areas .
The lack of development was showed with a drop in performance through the second half of the season .
The ladder is very popular with tourists .
The ladder was built in 1829 to connect Jamestown to the military base on Ladder Hill .
The lagoon is completely sourrounded by land .
The lake becomes saltier as the 450 m salt crust dissolves over six months .
The lake consists of fresh water .
The lake covers about 564 k of total area .
The lake forms the border between France and Switzerland .
The lake has a very salty water .
The lake is 21 feet above sea level .
The lake is 51.6 kilometres long and 17.2 kilometres wide .
The lake is close to Lake Saifullah and Naseerullah .
The lake is located a little short of the place where the Urak Valley begins and 10 km from Quetta .
The lake is near Irkutsk .
The lake is part of a large rift valley that also includes Spencer Gulf .
The lake is used for fishing and recreation .
The lake is very special .
The lake itself is connected to a number of other lakes of the Kashmir valley .
The lake was found by Russian and British scientists .
The lakes make Titan a very important planet for studying weather science .
The lancelets are usually said to be the sister group of the craniates .
The land claim was partly successful .
The land for the convent was given to the friars by Cosimo Medici .
The land hemisphere has seven eighths of the land on the Earth .
The land hemisphere is the hemisphere on the Earth with the highest possible area of land .
The land is flat in most places .
The land is mostly low .
The land is mountainous and is part of the Sierra Madre Occidental mountains .
The land is used and recycled for use again some other time .
The land that would become Kansas was bought in the Louisiana Purchase in 1803 .
The land trusts have leased their land to the Director of National Parks for the purpose of a national park for the enjoyment and benefit of all Australians and international visitors .
The landscape has been heavily influenced by Dutch technology .
The landscape is determined mainly by the underlying geology .
The landscape is flat and there is a lot of agriculture .
The language most like Catalan is Occitan .
The language of a community or country .
The language of the courts is also English .
The languages spoken in Samoa include Samoan and English .
The languages that are spoken in Tahiti are French and Tahitian which are both official .
The laptop was created mainly for this particular reason .
The large beak of Gastornis would have been suited for crushing seeds and tearing off vegetation .
The large intestine is the last part of the digestive system .
The larger City of Lancaster local government district is named after Lancaster .
The largest are Nubeena and Koonya .
The largest cities on Taiwan are the capital of Taipei and Kaohsiung .
The largest city in Cameroon is Douala .
The largest city in the district is Barguna Town .
The largest city is Indore .
The largest city is also called Nagasaki .
The largest city of Tahiti is Papeete .
The largest city on Lake Michigan is Chicago .
The largest city on the island is Hilo .
The largest is Lake Balaton .
The largest known prime number is the biggest integer that is a prime number .
The largest of these is possibly Birkirkara .
The largest open space in the city is Heaton Park .
The largest problem with caffeine is addiction .
The largest value coin was 10 fen .
The larvae develop and grow for some time before metamorphosing into adults .
The larvae of a number of Lepidoptera species also feed on the plant .
The larynx houses the vocal cords .
The larynx is also pulled upwards to help with this process .
The laser printer was first invented by a team at Kodak around the 1980s .
The last B. Dalton stores closed in January 2010 .
The last English monarch had been Elizabeth I. She had died without any children so the English looked to Scotland for a monarch and because he was the closest relative Elizabeth had .
The last PE train ran in 1961 .
The last album at that moment was Scary Monsters ... And Super Creeps .
The last animal form is a roaring lion .
The last chapter of this story is told by the historian Tacitus .
The last episode aired in October 2010 .
The last extensive oak woodlands were cut down to build ships for the Royal Navy in the 18th century .
The last known Cathar follower was burned at the stake in the early 1300s .
The last known breeding was at Lake Eyre in 2000 .
The last match was played on 11 May 2003 .
The last message he helped with was the Voyager Golden Record that was sent out with the Voyager space probes .
The last of the old native speakers died in 1974 .
The last one is the art of dueling with bamboo or wooden sword .
The last part of the playoffs is called the Super Bowl .
The last penal settlement in Tasmania at Port Arthur finally closed in 1877 .
The last performance was canceled .
The last person to be executed in the gas chamber in the United States was Walter LaGrand in Arizona in 1999 .
The last person to hold the title was Tupac Amaru who was killed by the Spanish in 1572 .
The last player with any balloons is the winner .
The last pope to resign was Pope Gregory XII .
The last side of the triangle is called the pillar .
The last time he played the organ was at Christmas in 1875 .
The last two types exist with and without locking devices .
The last variation becomes more and more grand and finishes in a big climax .
The last years he was on loan to Red Bull New York .
The last years of Galerius saw him keep the position of first among equals .
The lasya is a very graceful style in Manipur .
The late deputy commissioner Daud Khan was first president of this organization .
The later construction of a new bridge over the Mississippi in the early 1980s replaced the remaining businesses .
The later volcanoes mostly buried two of the earlier ones .
The lateritic bauxites occur in many countries of the tropical belt .
The latest version of Mac OS is Mac OS X 10.6.6 .
The latitude of the Earth gives the distance north and south of the equator .
The latter agreed to start the production of the computer .
The latter became a top five hit in the US and all three reached number 1 in the UK .
The latter is also known as Shangrila Lake and is inside a tourist resort called Shangrila Resort .
The latter is found in the southern parts of the British Isles and eastern Newfoundland .
The latter three they consider to be their direct ancestors .
The launch pad is where rockets and spacecraft are placed until they is ready to blast off .
The law enforcement and newspapers referred to him as the Ripper from that point on .
The law is a set of rules that people are supposed to follow in a society or a country .
The law of karma puts man at the center of responsibility for everything he does and everything that is done to him .
The law said that both David and Bathsheba must die for their sin .
The law that he wrote also forced police to videotape when they talked to people they suspect of murder .
The laws which control the way the parliament is set up and its powers are part of the Australian Constitution .
The lawyer arguing that they did do the crime is called the prosecutor .
The lead production company was Sony Pictures Television .
The lead singer sings a line .
The leader of the PLO used to be Yasser Arafat .
The leader of the council is Councillor Ian Lucas .
The leader of the country of Iran talked on the radio about Rushdie .
The leader of the left wing was Aneurin Bevan .
The leaders of the dynasty were also Shia Ismaili Imams .
The leaders of the right wing were Clement Attlee and Hugh Gaitskell .
The leading single is called 4 Minutes and it is a duet with singer Justin Timberlake .
The leaves and bark are used for controlling blood pressure and gingivitis .
The leaves are opposite each other .
The leaves are shaped like an hourglass .
The leaves are used for cooking .
The leaves of the plant do not grow or move as a response to moving prey .
The left arm of the river is where the old town center lies .
The left hand side of the endocast of the Taung child is covered in beautiful calcium carbonate crystals .
The left side of the brain controls the right side of the body and the right side of the brain controls the left side of the body .
The leftist Rangoon University students led the way .
The legacy of Calvin Coolidge is mixed .
The legend comes from the letter Franklin wrote to his daughter in 1784 from Paris .
The legend is about a man called Faust .
The legend of Cathar architects and builders is no more than a myth .
The legend states that god Ganesh wrote the Mahabharata while Vyasa dictated the same .
The length of the blade varies from 1 to 3 feet .
The length of the instrument could be changed by the use of a sliding tube which meant it could play a full chromatic range of notes .
The length of this repeating piece of the sine wave is called the wavelength .
The length of time it took to record the song created tension between the Beatles .
The lens makes an image by focusing the light on the film .
The leopard is the smallest Panthera species .
The less dense warm air rises and condenses forming clouds .
The letter describes an invention .
The letter is first owned by the inventor .
The letter is printed by a government .
The letter made Lord Chesterfield look very silly .
The letter only lasts for 20 years .
The letter that Johnson wrote back to Lord Chesterfield is very famous .
The letters contain many important parts of Christian teaching .
The letters she did not destroy she censored .
The level is seen zoomed out from Zack .
The level of risk goes way up making it more likely that they will become sick or maybe even die out in the cold .
The levels of oxygen are fifty times higher than those typically found in ordinary freshwater lakes on Earth .
The library building was opened in 1968 .
The library has to keep and develop a national collection of library material .
The library is similar in purpose and scope to the U.S. Library of Congress .
The lid had the head of a god or goddess of ancient Egypt .
The life schedule of Han does not follow others .
The light blue part of the flame can be as hot as 1400 C. It can still burn people and things .
The light came in from windows above the columns .
The limit of as n gets bigger is zero .
The line divided Bengal into Indian held West Bengal and East Bengal which later became Bangladesh .
The line from Wuppertal to Radevormwald was closed in 1976 .
The line took effect on 17 August 1947 after the Partition of India .
The line was opened in 1866 to carry slate from the quarries at Bryn Eglwys to Tywyn .
The lines are drawn a number of inches parallel from each rail .
The lines serves 25 stations of which 15 are underground .
The lion also wears the Lancashire Rose .
The list is based on the Organon by Aristotle and is widely accepted in scientific literature .
The list of all his compositions has 450 opus numbers .
The listener can guess what the subject is by thinking about the context and the form of the verb .
The literal translation of Tatar qazan is a boiler or cauldron .
The little bubbles in the sponge work like a bunch of little straws all stuck together .
The living animals have a skin of movable spines on the test .
The local currency is called Taka .
The local economy is centered around the sun .
The local farmers grow lots of exotic fruits including papayas and bananas .
The local government area is the Tasman Council .
The local government is working to recover the beauty of the downtown area from years ago .
The local marble is exported around the world .
The location of Lake Urmia is at .
The locations in the UK where the Hazel Dormouse can be found is shown on the National Biodivestity Network website .
The locomotive of the freight train was repaired and stayed in service until 2001 .
The logo was created by Guo Chunning .
The long drought in south east Victoria has dried out many lakes .
The long extension of land was full of coconut trees and was a wild and quiet place .
The longbow was a faster weapon to fire than the French and Genoan crossbow and could send arrows farther than the crossbow could and could send an arrow through a suit of armor .
The longbow was an important weapon for killing and winning this battle .
The lord also gave him the piece of land that he held as a fief .
The lord used his army of soldiers from all of his vassals to protect those vassals .
The lords that owned the land were not making much money from it .
The lords who built the bastide did not want to change the social system .
The lower platforms are 38 metres low .
The lower tier of the West Stand is uncovered and offers a great view of the action .
The lowest and highest notes on a pedal harp are the same as the lowest and highest notes on a piano .
The lowest is corporal but players can progress all the way up to general .
The lyrics are childlike and often humorous caused by the disco fever in that period and in contrast to the oppression by Ferdinand and Imelda Marcos .
The lyrics have something to do with unrequited love .
The machete is a knife often used in jungle warfare because it can easily cut through plants and vines .
The machine guns used were very big and needed at least 4 men to work them .
The made some reforms which still exist today .
The maemo project is paid for by Nokia .
The magazine covered the stages of his journey .
The magazine is based in Sutton in Surrey in the UK .
The magnetic needle is free to rotate in the horizontal plane .
The magnetic pickups detect the vibrations .
The magnifying glass usually comes with a handle .
The magnitude of a real number is usually called the absolute value or modulus .
The mail came through Carcoar .
The main action of the battle took place after two days of smaller engagements .
The main article about the political system and system of government is Politics of the United Kingdom .
The main article for this category is Vibration .
The main attraction is the castle .
The main attraction of the city is meenakshi amman temple .
The main bad points from reviews were the short length of the story mode and the AI of your allies .
The main belief of The Nation of Islam is that there is no God but Allah .
The main campus of New Mexico State University is in Las Cruces .
The main campus of the University of Botswana is in the city .
The main center is the village of Barneveld .
The main character carries a 2x4 piece of wood and uses it as a weapon against the bad guys .
The main character in the game is Master Chief .
The main character is a hamster named Hamtaro .
The main character is an alligator named Wally .
The main city in the Gaza Strip is called Gaza .
The main component is methane .
The main crop grown in Kansas is wheat .
The main crop in Laos is rice .
The main crops are mango and paddi .
The main difference between early water turbines and water wheels is a swirl component of the water which passes energy to a spinning rotor .
The main difficulty of water wheels was their inseparability from water .
The main duct of the salivary glands then goes into the mouth .
The main duty of the Taoiseach is to start policy and coordinate policy of the rest of government .
The main economic activities in the province are farming and fishing .
The main economic activity of the municipality is agriculture .
The main feature of the manor house was its great hall .
The main feature of the villages of Paros is its important architecture .
The main feature that stands out about this animal is its very long neck .
The main female sex organ is the clitoris .
The main function of the marinas at Lake Powell is to provide an access point for boaters to launch and retrieve their watercraft .
The main hall was named after the violinist Isaac Stern in 1997 .
The main idea is that this category should cover enough main topics so that every single article would fit into at least one of the topics shown here .
The main idea of Sony was to make people aware that Walkman is a product that is unique on the market and that it is both new and fun .
The main idea of this video game is to save a princess that has been turned into a cat and needs to be saved .
The main income for the people is from fishing and sheep farming .
The main industrial process for the artificial creation of Vitamin C still bears his name .
The main instruments are the Pung and flute .
The main language is Lithuanian .
The main language spoken there is Dhivehi .
The main languages spoken in Wales are Welsh and English .
The main market was North America .
The main mineral in Lapis lazuli is Lazurite .
The main mountain ranges is the Atlas Mountains in Algeria .
The main page for this category is in Spiral galaxy .
The main page in this category is Natural resource .
The main part of the Constitution is still the 1867 British North America Act .
The main plot of the game involves the classic science fiction idea of robots or AI that have got out of control .
The main problem is that it may easily get lost .
The main purpose of cartilage is to create a place on which bones can form when they are first created .
The main race is the Bahrain Grand Prix .
The main reason for splitting was because of the chemical industry in the spot .
The main reason for the invasion was the claim by the Bush administration that Saddam has WMD .
The main reason for them is to make sure that nobody is left out in the cold .
The main reason they had to leave was because the battle had caused a lot of damage to the city .
The main rivers of the province are the San Juan and Yaque del Sur rivers .
The main sequence is sometimes divided into two parts .
The main source of income of the people of Karak is agriculture .
The main species harvested for vanilla is called Vanilla planifolia .
The main store for Tasmania is in Hobart and it is three stories tall .
The main stream Ganges enters Bangladesh .
The main street of Laubach is Friedrichstrasse .
The main thing about the computer was a new LCD technology .
The main tribe of Nathia Gali is the Karlal .
The main type of salt is sodium chloride .
The main valley lies between the Bernese Alps in the north and the Pennine Alps in the south .
The main way carbon gets taken out of the atmosphere is by photosynthesis by living organisms .
The major cities of Leeds and Manchester are slightly further afield .
The major lakes and reservoirs in the park are given below .
The major road to Hobart is called the Arthur Highway .
The major scale is used more often than the minor scale in Western music because of its unique harmonic properties .
The majority of Mandaean lay people do not speak this language .
The majority of the population is Kurdish .
The majority of the population lives in the South and the East of the country .
The male has nothing more to do with her .
The male has small pale spots near the tip of the fore wing and a few red spots on the hind wing .
The male is much larger than the female .
The male sits on the eggs for two months until they hatch .
The male stands outside the bower and sings and may pick up the objects to show them to the female .
The males and the females do not have different colors on their wings .
The males of the Romanov died out in time .
The mallard is a large and heavy looking duck .
The management of the sites is a controversial topic .
The manager of the club is the Is Italian Roberto Mancini who replaced Mark Hughes .
The manatees form the genus Trichechus and the family Trichechidae .
The mandible is a bone found in all jawed vertebrates .
The mania in bipolar disorder is usually treated using a combination of mood stabilizers and antipsychotic drugs .
The mantis then lashes out at remarkable speed .
The mantle cavity functions as a respiratory chamber in all molluscs .
The mantle cavity is a central feature of molluscan biology .
The mantle is highly muscular .
The march was a major success .
The market needs to balance supply and demand .
The market town of Pattoki is the headquarters of the tehsil .
The marketing mix is the combination of elements necessary to the planning and execution of the total marketing operation .
The marriage ended when he returned from overseas in 1946 .
The marriage took place on 9 December 1883 .
The marriage was not a success .
The martial arts are the arts of the war .
The martyr Valentine became the patron saint of the lovers .
The master of the house is Mr. Rochester .
The match did not take place because of the death of Eddie Guerrero on November 13 2005 .
The mathematician Pythagoras was from Samos .
The mathematician can be found at Blaise Pascal .
The mating period is from April to June .
The matrix form of quantum physics is still used since it is useful and convenient for some purposes .
The mausoleum was completed in the 1960s .
The maximum depth is about 400 feet .
The maximum speed that it could travel was 3 mph and it was not able to cross the trenches .
The mayfly are quite a successful group .
The mayor is Anita Schwarz .
The mayor is a person who is in charge of the administration of a city .
The mayor of Nanaimo is John Ruttan .
The mayor of Saanich is Frank Leonard .
The mayor of the city is Piotr Uszok .
The mayor of the city is Stefan Weil who followed Herbert Schmalstieg in 2006 .
The meaning is similar to the Sanskrit term guru .
The meaning of the bloodstone is courage .
The meaning of the emerald is success in love .
The meaning of the garnet is constancy .
The meaning of the word is unknown .
The meat of some animals may not be eaten at all .
The meat which is not used by humans becomes pet food and everything that is left over becomes garden fertilizer .
The media showed him mostly as a pedophile .
The median age is 36 years .
The median age was 31 years .
The median age was 35 years .
The median age was 36 years .
The median age was 38 years .
The median age was 40 years .
The median age was 44 years .
The medicine should start before going to an area with malaria .
The medicine that works for one kind of malaria may not for another kind .
The medicine used to kill malaria in the liver is primaquine .
The members of the crew are escaped prisoners .
The members of the orchestra are all aged between 13 and 19 years .
The members of this sect wore white and performed baptisms like the Mandaeans .
The membership in this trade alliance has influenced the architecture of the city to a great extent .
The memory consistency model defines when a written value must be seen by a following read instruction made by the other processors .
The men are actually murderers .
The men who helped to sail the boat were called the Argonauts .
The merozoites break out of the red blood cells again and again .
The message that the nerve sends to the brain is called nociception .
The metal is now mainly obtained by electrolysis of magnesium salts obtained from brine .
The method requires that neither the parent nuclide nor the daughter product can enter or leave the material after its formation .
The method uses known decay rates .
The method was developed by Willard Libby and his colleagues at the University of Chicago in 1949 .
The metropolitan area has about 2.45 million people living in it .
The metropolitan area has more than 1.200.000 inhabitants
The metropolitan area population is expected to reach 5.12 million people by 2020 .
The microscope began to be widely used in the 18th century .
The middle of the board is normally not a very safe place for the king to be early in the game .
The migration from water wheels to modern turbines took about one hundred years .
The milk is also separated to remove most of the cream .
The milk is collected in stainless steel containers and is taken by truck to the Milk Factory to be treated so that any germs are killed .
The mineral natron is often found in association with other minerals such as gypsum and calcite .
The mineral was also used as a flux to solder precious metals together .
The mineral was mixed into early antiseptics for wounds and minor cuts .
The mineral was used in Egyptian mummification because it absorbs water and was a drying agent .
The mines employed a few local Aboriginal people .
The mines were owned by the Anglo American U.B. Teader mining company in 1867 .
The minimum system requirements are a 486 processor and 8 MB of RAM .
The mining camps and new settlements drew many Aboriginal people away from Kakadu .
The minor protein of oat is avenin .
The mirror images reflect an eternal binding of the two hearts .
The model is mainly used as a hypothetical example to illustrate the differences between classical and quantum systems .
The model used by a JVM accepts a form of computer intermediate language commonly referred to as Java bytecode .
The modern Malay alphabet is based on the Latin alphabet .
The modern composer Benjamin Britten composed a cantata for orchestra and choir about the life of St. Nicholas .
The modern naginata has changed its shape during history .
The monastery of St Paul is the sister monastery of Monkwearmouth in Sunderland .
The money from the movie helped Disney create many more cartoons and movies .
The money that should have been used for paying the rent is divided among the group so that they can have a good time
The money was first made in Japan .
The money was never paid completely .
The monument was started in 1848 but was not finished until 1884 .
The moon is also designated Uranus XXVI .
The moon is named after Pandora in Greek mythology .
The moons at the top of the list are closer to Saturn than those at the bottom of the list .
The more common cereal proteins are gluten and zein .
The mosque had been built where the former Visigothic cathedral had stood .
The mosque is also known as the Grand Mosque .
The mosque was built around the original Kaaba .
The most active fans sit in the section 400 .
The most appreciated technique of handling a katana is a school called Nitto Ryu .
The most ascetic kinds of holy men were called Jains .
The most beautiful district of city is the district Bochali .
The most capitalist countries like United States were rather patriotic than nationalist .
The most common criteria is when a player has scored 3 goals in a match .
The most common form of language reform involves changing the spelling of words .
The most common form of marriage is that between a man and a woman .
The most common habitats are marshland or dense forest .
The most common kind of radiant heating is underfloor heating .
The most common layout started from two perpendicular streets .
The most common malignant tumor is Mucoepidermoid carcinoma .
The most common of these techniques is the fist .
The most common one is to use a specialised macro lens .
The most common salad ingredients are tomato and parsley .
The most common symptom is abdominal pain .
The most common tree is the Darwin stringybark .
The most common type is able body basketball and is the one that has been described in this article .
The most common type is the equestrian saddle made for a horse .
The most common type of ammo used with magazines is bullets .
The most common use for gas balloons are to measure the atmosphere .
The most commonly used solutes for this process are neutral and include amino acids and sugars .
The most definite image of Daejeon is the city of science and technology .
The most famous cantatas are those by Johann Sebastian Bach .
The most famous haka is Ka Mate .
The most famous music composed for Ballets Russes was that by the composer Igor Stravinsky .
The most famous of these is probably Bip the clown .
The most famous one was called Farinelli .
The most famous samurai who improved this art was Miyamoto Musashi .
The most important Tamil festivals are Pongal and the Tamil New Year .
The most important are
The most important difference Bach made in this version is that the fifth variation was moved to the middle .
The most important effect of the attacks was creating fear among the Allied troops .
The most important factors for a long throw are the angle of release and the speed of the ball .
The most important of these times was during the Second World War .
The most important part of the game is between the pitcher and the batter .
The most important river of the province is Yaque del Sur .
The most important use for carbon monoxide in industry is making iron from iron ore. .
The most industrial western region of the canton is called Chablais .
The most interest sight in Larissa is the ancient theater which is located in the center of the city .
The most interest sight of Samos is the ancient aqueduct .
The most known opposition between these ideologies was in Soviet Union .
The most largest town of Zakynthos is Zakynthos city .
The most notable are Sergeant Johnson and Captain Keyes .
The most notable former Cape May birder is author David Allen Sibley .
The most notable monuments are the pyramids they built in their religious centers and the palaces of their leaders .
The most of them came from European countries .
The most popular of all the events is the parade .
The most popular pet rabbit is the Netherland Dwarf .
The most popular set of rules is Roberts Rules of Order by Henry M. Robert .
The most powerful waterwheel built in the United Kingdom was the 100 hp Quarry Bank Mill Waterwheel near Manchester .
The most recent eruption of Nazko Cone was 7200 years ago .
The most recent idea added to baseball gloves was making the pocket of the glove deeper and finally making small baskets in the glove so that pitchers can hide their pitching grip .
The most recent of countries interested in them was Morocco .
The most recent tornado to strike Kansas City itself was in May 2003 .
The most recent volcanic eruption was Cerro Azul in May 2008 on Isabela Island .
The most recent winners are Joe Mauer in the American League and Albert Pujols in the National League .
The most touristic part of island is the south part .
The most used method of vector control is pesticides .
The most used one has been specified by ISO 216 .
The most used purpose of the barometer was measuring air pressure .
The most visible part of the culture was the making of very large statues called moai that represented deified ancestors .
The most visited area is the Central Avenue .
The most well known Maloideae are apples and pears .
The most well known of these revolts was the Peterloo Massacre .
The mother keeps the eggs warm for about a month before they are born in the late spring .
The mother of Maria I of Portugal she also acted as regent of Portugal during the last months of her husbands life and acted as advisor to her daughter in her reign .
The mother provides a different mix of milk to each nipple .
The mother writes that she herself is too poor to look after him .
The motto and symbol of the IPC was changed in 2003 to the current versions .
The mounds in the southern part of the Park are particularly large and impressive .
The mountain building included the Caledonian orogeny and the Alleghenian orogeny .
The mountain forms part of the Table Mountain National Park .
The mountain is covered by dense vegetation .
The mountain stream winds around the biggest rocks and washes the soil away as it flows .
The mountain the peaks and tablelands receive higher rainfall due to the shadowing effects of the surrounding ranges .
The mountains are between 3600 to 4400m high .
The mountains separate the basin of Los Angeles in the south from the Mojave Desert in the north .
The mouse organ played music and the mice squeaked in high voices .
The move was not recognized by the Government of the United Republic of Tanzania .
The movement against the British use of Indigo cultivation was also started from Faridpur under the leadership of Dudu Miah .
The movement of these plates is also responsible for the formation of the Mariana Islands .
The movement started in Italy .
The movement took its name from the Latin form Jacobus of the name of King James II and VII .
The movement was founded in 1924 by youth working to defend their rights .
The movie Catch Me If You Can was released in 2002 .
The movie The Dish was based on the job of the telescope during the 1969 Apollo 11 moon landing .
The movie also features Jessica Alba in one of her first movie roles .
The movie also had two video games based on it .
The movie based on this book became very popular .
The movie consists of a tour with System and with cut scenes of genocides .
The movie had a few recasts due to the deaths of George Carlin who voiced Fillmore and Paul Newman who voiced Doc Hudson .
The movie is part of a trilogy of 3 movies telling the entire story .
The movie received mainly negative reviews .
The movie received negative reviews from critics .
The movie sold 2.6 million DVDs in its first week in the United States .
The movie stars Kevin Costner who also produced it .
The movie stars Scarlett Johansson and Jonathan Rhys Meyers .
The movie was a huge success .
The movie was directed by Frederik Du Chau .
The movie was entered into the 1946 Cannes Film Festival .
The movie was first recorded in Pashto on a low budget .
The movie was first shown at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival .
The movie was first shown at the Toronto Film Festival and the Vancouver International Film Festival .
The movie was made by the Coen brothers .
The movie was produced by Robert Zemeckis and Bob Gale .
The movie won the 2002 Best Animated Feature Oscar .
The mud dauber is one of the most common solitary wasps .
The mud is said to have good effects in treatment of some diseases of the joints .
The municipal area has a mountainous territory within the Central Cordillera of the Andes and watered by the rivers Cauca and Tonusco .
The municipal district is San Luis .
The municipal districts are similar to municipalities but they depend on a municipality .
The municipalities of Eastport and Lubec are the easternmost city and town in the United States .
The municipality is on flat land with only small hills .
The municipality is situated on the coast of the Lake Kuolimo .
The municipality of Sta .
The municipality was first noted in 1171 as Faedo .
The municipality was founded in 1867 .
The municipality was founded in 1916 .
The mural was lost after the fair was over .
The muroid family is very large and complex .
The museum has the most airplanes and spacecraft in the world .
The museum was built in 1938 by the United States Congress .
The music from those plays is called Natyasangeet .
The music has a Scottish feeling and sounds quite similar to the music of Mendelssohn .
The music is very lively and often sounds like a guitar .
The music is written on a huge sheet of paper and the pianist decides as he plays which part of the music to go to next and how to play it .
The music of Das Rheingold is beautifully written to fit every person and every situation .
The music uses the songs of Andalusia and the rhythms of Spanish folkmusic .
The music usually has a strong rhythmic component suitable for marching .
The music video is Cyrus performing with backup dancers throughout a museum .
The music video of this song was so innovative that it caused a big sensation .
The music video was shot in late November and directed by Philip Andelman .
The music video were directed by Shane Drake again .
The music was divided into bars with a particular number of beats in each bar .
The music was recorded with a 27 piece choir and a 60 piece orchestra .
The musician rotates a volume control knob that is located on the body of the bass to make the sound of a bass guitar loud or quiet .
The musicians also have time to explore music from other cultures .
The muzzle is almost the same length as the top of the skull .
The nagamaki is considered the favored weapon of General Oda Nobunaga .
The nagamaki is designed for large sweeping and slicing strokes .
The nagamaki was not spread and developed until much later like the naginata sword .
The naginata was also considered an effective weapon against horsemen .
The naginata way of fighting is very graceful due to circular performance of the naginata sword .
The naiads go through 20 or 30 moults as they develop .
The nakedness represents the freedom of the mind .
The name Hawaii is the Polynesian name of the islands .
The name Mali is from the word for hippopotamus in the Bambara language .
The name Manhattan comes from the Munsi language of the Lenni Lenape meaning island of many hills .
The name Marilyn Manson was taken from the first name of actress and sex symbol Marilyn Monroe and the last name of cult leader and serial killer Charles Manson .
The name Nacozari is an word from the language of the Opata people who used to live in the area .
The name Paraves was coined by Paul Sereno in 1997 .
The name Re was from Upper Egypt and the name Amun came from Lower Egypt .
The name Tanganyika is also used to refer to Lake Tanganyika .
The name Zapatista refers to Emiliano Zapata who was a leader of the Mexican Revolution of 1910 .
The name became official in 1884 .
The name chambered nautilus is also used for any species of the Nautilidae .
The name combines the names of Laurentia and Eurasia .
The name comes from Latin mandibula .
The name comes from its northern neighbor state of Mato Grosso .
The name comes from the Italian salare meaning to make something salty .
The name comes from the flower of the lavender plant .
The name comes from the town of Taranto in Italy .
The name comes from the word alkaline and was used to describe any alkaline containing nitrogen .
The name describes players that have small sizes and can be carried by one anywhere .
The name gamete was introduced by the Austrian biologist Gregor Mendel .
The name hashish comes from an Arabic word meaning herb .
The name hassium was adopted internationally in 1997 .
The name is Latin for crab .
The name is a combination of Galguduud and Mudug .
The name is dubious because no skull has been found to distinguish it from near relatives .
The name is made by those of two villages which were associated just some years before the French Revolution of 1789 .
The name is of Irish origin .
The name is pronounced the same way
The name is the longest place name in the United States .
The name means God is my might or man of God .
The name means The Meadows in the Spanish language .
The name means village of Khanzada .
The name napalm has comes from the ingredients that were first used to make it .
The name narcotic was probably first used by the Greek physician Galen .
The name of a kabuki actor usually is passed on from one generation to the next .
The name of his wife is unknown nor is it known if he lived with her once he started his ministry .
The name of the city comes from the Celtic tribe which lived in the Bajocasses region .
The name of the city does not come from a saint .
The name of the commune was first mentioned in 1222 .
The name of the film is a reference to the play Waiting for Godot by Samuel Beckett .
The name of the first TV show is The Super Mario Bros. .
The name of the international organization Mensa is from the Latin word for table .
The name of the island was changed to Tasmania .
The name of the organization is Lady Bird Johnson Wildflower Center .
The name of the slang language Nadsat comes from Russian .
The name of the translated version is Cardcaptors .
The name of this organization is Nagar Students Federatoin .
The name translates to Saint Mary beyond the Water .
The name was changed back in 1803 .
The name was changed to Banjul in 1973 .
The name was given on 16 September 1991 .
The name was soon changed to Santo Domingo .
The names of her parents were Kenneth Seymour Robbins and Edith Luckett .
The names of nearby streets tell a lot about the town history .
The names of the bishops of Ireland were engraved on the cover .
The names of this group come from gods from Norway .
The names say that there are a number of different groups .
The names vary depending on place and type .
The narrator of the book calls himself an invisible man because people refuse to see him for who he really is .
The narrow coastal plain rises very rapidly into several mountain ranges .
The nasal bones are two small oblong bones located in the human skull .
The nasal cavity is covered by the nasal bone above and by the maxilla and ethmoid bone on the sides .
The nasal cavity is divided in two by a vertical fin called the nasal septum .
The nasal cavity is divided into a right and left passageway .
The nasal septum separates the left and right airways in the nose and divides the two nostrils .
The nation state is a certain form of state that has a territorium where mainly one nation lives .
The nation with the most sites is the United Kingdom at 168 .
The national anthem and the state emblem were each adopted in 1954 .
The national currency is the Cape Verdean escudo .
The national emblems of Wales are leeks and daffodils .
The national flag of the country hosting the next Summer or Winter Olympic Games is hoisted while the corresponding national anthem is played .
The national flag was adopted just before independence was achieved on 14 August 1947 .
The national park has an area of 874.20 km2 .
The natives believe they come down with the rain .
The natural beauty of the area is attracting many tourists from both the rest of Cuba and from overseas .
The natural history of substance use as a guide to setting drug policy .
The nautilus shell is one of the finest natural examples of a logarithmic spiral .
The nave and the aisles are about the same height .
The nave is where the congregation sits in a church .
The nave of a church goes from the entry to the chancel .
The navy is mostly made up of warships .
The nearby shoals are known as Diamond Shoals .
The nearest bigger airport is Nuremberg Airport which can be reached within half an hour by car or one hour by train .
The nearest city to Maseru in South Africa is named Ladybrand .
The nearest city to Namli Maira is Abbottabad which is also its Tehsil and District capital .
The nearest place to Nathia Gali is Kala Bagh .
The neck is gathered up into a collar with a white collar strip folded around the neckline .
The need for such a heavy tool is thus easily understood .
The negative sign is needed for conservation of energy .
The neighborhood is a tribute to the woman portuguese Felicidade Borges .
The nest of the Bald Eagle is larger than any other nest in North America .
The neutron has a neutral charge .
The new Hume Freeway goes around the town .
The new University for the Creative Arts in England has asked composer Edward Gregson to write a fanfare to play at its graduation ceremonies .
The new farms can only grow crops for a few years in the poor soil .
The new formula is .
The new international terminal was used on 14th August 2007 .
The new player has to change with an original player .
The new railways allowed grain to be transported from Central Russia to places like Moscow .
The new schools use a practice called Mahamudra in place of Dzogchen .
The new stadium took its name from the street .
The new station is commissioned from architects Aukett Fitzroy Robinson .
The new theater was built where there had been a church called Santa Maria della Scala .
The new types of interaction in nanosystems are of interest in nanomechanics research .
The newest film is called Luther .
The newest version is Game Maker 8 .
The news spread across the United States .
The newspaper also published the Rose Magazine .
The next best team in the AL and the next best team in the NL also get to play in the playoffs .
The next day Lee interviewed her and agreed to accept her as a student .
The next day he ignores you completely .
The next elections to the Reichstag were in 1928 .
The next job he had was at Leeds Parish Church .
The next largest city is Baucau .
The next meeting of the Board of Trustees Dudley was voted by all of the members to become the 2nd President of the College .
The next month at Hell In A Cell Orton defeated Cena in a Hell In A Cell match to win the title back .
The next night on RAW Batista vacated the WWE Title due to a injury and Orton won it in the main event .
The next night on RAW he demanded that the RAW GM William Regal would give him a WWE Title rematch .
The next part that comes in is played on a Gibson Les Paul by Duane Allman .
The next season he played in the IHL and after that played two more for the Maroons .
The next season was the Olympic season .
The next stage was the Diaghilev ballet .
The next step is to attract people to come live in the new city .
The next stop southbound on the Bakerloo Line is Kenton .
The next time it was captured was by the Nazi Germans in 1940 .
The next updates happened in April 2010 and February 2011 .
The next week he beat the Miz on RAW .
The next year he found a young girl called Antonina to marry .
The nimaime was written secondarily from the right in the signboard of the kabuki .
The noncanonical Apocryphon of James also contains three unique parables attributed to Jesus .
The noodles are made of wheat .
The normalized correlation is used as a common metric for similarity .
The north of Mali is in the Sahara Desert .
The northern end of Kanata is west of the Ottawa River .
The northern portion of the Caucasus is known as the Ciscaucasus and the southern portion as the Transcaucasus .
The northernmost distribution is of the species Ichthyophis sikkimensis of Northern India .
The note on the first beat would often be played quite short so that the second beat would feel heavy .
The novel Upanibesh was the first attempt in Oriya Literature to focus the sexuality as a part of social revolt by any woman .
The novel is not limited to only a love story .
The now defunct Norwalk car company was located in Martinsburg .
The nucleus will lose two protons and two neutrons when this happens .
The number before the word is the day of that month .
The number of Muslims from Mali who travel to Mecca is increasing and some study in Arab countries .
The number of chambers increases from around four at the moment of hatching to thirty or more in adults .
The number of generations since they have been removed from the wild and how they were bred has an effect on how much they act differently .
The number of leaves is between five and eleven .
The number of men wounded and killed had depleted his army to the point that he could judged that he could no longer hold back the Union army at the front lines .
The number of people in all of the biggest towns is listed below .
The number of people living in Kansas decreased 4.3 percent .
The number of people who can visit the arena changes .
The number of seats resembling horses or other animals varies depending on the carousel but there are usually between 16 and 60 .
The number of species varies between 100 and 250 .
The number of strings varies on folk harps from less than 20 to more than 40 .
The number of vaccines actually administered has risen dramatically in recent decades .
The number three is never mentioned in texts talking about God .
The number was an amazing amount for the International League .
The oak tree is a kind of hardwood forest tree .
The oarsmen grasp the oar at the other end .
The objective of the game is to advance all the pieces to the end .
The objective of the game is to get the ball into the goal more than the opposing team .
The objectives of cartels are to increase their profits or to stabilize market sales .
The oblast is also home to a special economic zone .
The oblast is ranked 23rd by area and 17th by population .
The observatory is one of the biggest in the Southern Hemisphere .
The occasional celebrity charity football match has been played there .
The ocean disappeared when these three continents joined to form one big landmass .
The offensive also served to distract the German army from the French in Aisne .
The office opened in 1916 .
The officer tells Duncan about the battle .
The officers believe the order to be real and begin to fire the missiles .
The official colors of the university and its athletic teams are green and gold .
The official football team of Basti is the Sporting Club de Bastia .
The official language is Bengali .
The official language of Barbados is English .
The official language of Malawi is English .
The official languages are Kiswahili and English .
The official languages are Malagasy and French .
The official reason was carbon monoxide poisoning .
The official stated that he could not come to a conclusion and the case would have to be referred to Rome for the Pope to make a decision .
The offshore waters of Manuae are good fishing grounds .
The ohako is derived word from Danjuro Ichikawa .
The ohako originated in there .
The oil is very important to the economy of the entire country .
The oil obtained from the rind of the fruit can be used as an insecticide .
The old Armenian subdivision owns works of famous Armenian artists of early medieval and succeeding periods .
The old backgrounds were put through the computer to create a clearer image .
The old cemetery was washed into the river around 1937 .
The old church is called All Saints .
The old city of Aarau lies on a rocky cliff where the Aar river valley narrows at the southern foot of the Jura mountains .
The old field is left to be overgrown by the forest .
The old man and his wife had a white puppy .
The old man and his wife received great praise from a feudal lord passing by .
The old man was crushed with grief .
The old man was happy .
The old name for Mali was French Sudan .
The old system of English measurements such as the pound are based on convenient objects in the natural world .
The old track was relaid with Siberian pine .
The older Buddhist sects such as Shingon and Tendai continued to thrive .
The older caterpillars do not feed together .
The older type of Broshuski is still spoken in this valley with mild modern accent .
The oldest building was built in 1904 which is still existing at present .
The oldest existing paper with writing on it was found in the ruins of a watchtower in the Great Wall of China .
The oldest form of dance is found in the Laiharaoba festival .
The oldest harps from Egypt did not have pillars .
The oldest known description and surgical treatment of cancer was discovered in Egypt .
The oldest part of the church was built in the twelfth century .
The oldest rapid transit system is the London Underground .
The oldest themes are from the stone age .
The oldest yaks can live up to 25 years .
The ones that dissolve in water or stomach acid are very toxic .
The ones which remain are now being better protected .
The online mode is why most people play Call of Duty .
The only Papuan languages with official recognition are those of East Timor .
The only Phyllostachys known to have potentially toxic concentrations of cyanogens is Ph. heterocycla pubescens .
The only city in Alaska with more people is Anchorage .
The only concert they played was a local music contest called Rockslaget .
The only concerts she went to were those given by the Russian Musical Society in Moscow .
The only daughter left was now Marie Antoinette .
The only economic activity of importance is farming .
The only example of joint monarchy was from the sixteenth century .
The only kind of map of the Earth that is not projected is one drawn on a sphere .
The only monuments which witnessed the events of the first half of the 13th century .
The only part of Rafflesia that can be seen is the flower .
The only pepper without capsaicin is the bell pepper .
The only purpose of Caches is to reduce accesses to the underlying slower storage .
The only question asked was whether Robinson would beat Currie and come second .
The only remaining fundamental force that has no known gauge boson is gravity .
The only temple dedicated to Parashurama is in Tamil Nadu .
The only things kappas enjoy more than children are cucumbers .
The only time Hindenburg ever tried to stop a Nazi bill was in early April 1933 .
The only way to get rid of trench foot was to dry your feet and change your socks several times a day .
The only way we can tell it is there is by how it affects things we can see by gravity .
The onset and duration of these seasons vary somewhat according to location .
The open arms of the figure show China inviting the world to share in its culture .
The opening of Hassocks Gate as the railway station in 1841 saw the beginning of the village that is known today .
The opening tempo is allegro agitato .
The opera had one act and its libretto was written by Jalmari Finne .
The opera is three acts long .
The operands are usually memory addresses .
The operas were always performed exactly as Wagner had done .
The operating system usually manages a page cache in main memory .
The operation had taken about 15 minutes .
The opposing forces fought at carthage .
The opposite is minority .
The opposite of a catalyst is an inhibitor .
The opposite of a daughter is a son .
The opposite sign to Sagittarius is Gemini .
The optimistic reading of the myth is expressed by M. L. West .
The oracle said that they must sacrifice their daughter so they chained Andromeda to a rock .
The orbit varies over long periods of time according to the Milankovitch cycles .
The orchestra became internationally famous .
The orchestra brings young musicians from Israel and Arab countries together every summer .
The orchestra could be seen very well as they were not in an orchestra pit like they are today .
The orchestra now have an educational plan to help young children listen to music and encourage them to play instruments .
The orchestra played a lot of Spanish music as well as music by composers from other European countries .
The orchestra played extremely well that night .
The orchestra started in 1882 .
The orchestra was recorded on August 15 .
The orchestra was started in 1969 .
The order Carnivora is a group of mammals .
The order Lamiales is a taxon in the asterid group of dicotyledonous flowering plants .
The ore floats while the gangue sinks to the bottom .
The organ has four manuals and pedalboard .
The organ that we see in the cathedral today was built in 1976 by the organ builder Rieger .
The organism was first found in a mouse by Miescher in 1843 .
The organization is accused of having fascist tendencies .
The organization is based in Toronto .
The organization itself has an academy in Nevada .
The organization owns a database which gives many tools for gifted children .
The origin of the name is unclear .
The original Foo Fighters album was recorded entirely by Grohl himself .
The original German population being expelled after WW II .
The original baptismal font has been preserved and refurvished .
The original bridge was itself built on the site of a former ferry .
The original building was used as a palace and home to the Parliament of England .
The original footprints of Datta are believed to be located on the lonely peak at Mount Girnar .
The original part of the campus was built in 1986 .
The original salami was made from a mix of chopped pork and salt which was dried using air in a casing .
The original six sacred books of Manichaeism were written in Syriac Aramaic .
The original train station was called Julio Prestes Station .
The original version is horizontal and uses AA batteries .
The originally oral poetry of Si Mohand and Ait Menguellet are particularly notable in this respect .
The origins of the breed are unknown .
The ornamental species are commonly referred to by their scientific name Salvia .
The other 8 games are split between the roster of two other NFL divisions .
The other benefit is that once the fire has gone through an area the tender shoots of the fast regenerating grasses attract wallabies into a clearly defined area .
The other consideration is the small size of the eggs .
The other disks look similar but have a bigger physical size .
The other four camelids lived in South America .
The other great influence was jazz which he heard in 1922 in New York .
The other half of the Earth is the land hemisphere .
The other half of the Earth is the water hemisphere .
The other hand can tap rhythms on the skin which makes it sound like a drum as well as making the jingles sound .
The other is similar to latex allergies .
The other kind of great church in Western Europe is the abbey .
The other letter looked as if it was from his mother to the poor workman who had been looking after him .
The other members are elected .
The other one is the ulna .
The other parent will hunt for food or look for more to add onto the nest .
The other part of Epcot is the World Showcase .
The other parts of the skeleton were still very similar .
The other party is allowed to rely on that assurance and seek some type of remedy if it is not true or followed .
The other party is called the defendant because it must defend what it has done .
The other path leads up a steep mountain .
The other penguins become interested and begin dancing .
The other piece I fried and ate it was very nice .
The other players can group themselves into squads .
The other prison colony at Macquarie Harbour on the west coast was too difficult to get to by sea .
The other reason that she was having a good health .
The other reason was that the king needed money to keep soldiers in Ireland .
The other regional language of Brittany is Breton .
The other sections used to have different colors .
The other side is called spine .
The other singer Kevin Richardson left the group to find other things of interest .
The other situation that can occur is that the datum with the tag can not be found in the cache .
The other stories have characters such as the Nongpokningthou and Panthoibi .
The other team can defuse that bomb in a limited time .
The other toe points backwards .
The other trio moves on to the next step .
The other two large cities in Japan at this time were Kyoto and Nara .
The other two main ingredients of Pesto are olive oil and pine nuts .
The other two types of energy that humans can use are carbohydrates and proteins .
The other type of Hadron is called a meson .
The other was Hiroshima .
The other way grows wasabi in field .
The others follow .
The others hardly listen as they are so hungry that they try quickly to eat the food .
The others were Yitzhak Rabin and Shimon Peres .
The outbound service calling here was abandoned many years before .
The outbreak of the civil war between Julius Caesar and Pompey the Great saved Cassius from being brought to trial by his enemies for extortion in Syria .
The outcome changed Ottoman politics and had influence in the region for well over 500 years .
The outcome is dependent on the predictability of the event .
The outcome of this war was disastrous for the Ottomans .
The outer ring scores double the points and the triple ring scores triple .
The outliers are pieces of the Arnhem Land plateau that have become separated from the plateau by erosion .
The outline of the fort is also marked on the streets and sidewalks with special paving stones .
The outside facade was also done by Giacomo della Porta as a decorative piece apart from the actual church .
The oven is a hole in the ground called an imu .
The overall appearance is that of a thick disk .
The overall storyline is how Geno and Gurri learn the pleasures as well as downsides of nature and their forest home .
The overwhelming fire forced the Union soldiers to fall back with many casualties .
The ovipositor is also its sting .
The owner can take the person to court and try to get money from them because of what they did .
The owner must make or buy as many as a dozen yokes of different sizes as the animals grow .
The owner of a patent can stop other people from using their idea .
The owner of the letter has the right to stop anyone from copying the invention .
The owner of the shop was a little girl named Emily .
The owner of the vineyard represents God .
The owners were paid at a rate of 10 shillings per ton per month .
The oxen are put into pairs and each pair must work together .
The oxygen loss is caused by pollution .
The page up and page down keys are sometimes called PgUp or PgDn and they are located on the right of the keyboard with page up on top and page down on the bottom .
The page up and page down scrolling distance sometimes varies depending on which documents you are reading .
The pages have been ordered by the number of carbon atoms in each molecule .
The pages in this category have information related to the Solar System .
The pain got worse .
The paint also helps to prevent the wood from drying out in the hot sun .
The paint is usually put onto the surface with a paint brush .
The painting may have been done for a convent of nuns who honored Saint Anne .
The painting of Sir John is quite unusual .
The painting that is thought to be his earliest known work is a small picture called The Vision of a Knight .
The palace of Whitehall was destroyed by fire in 1698 .
The paladins of the imperial guard were named after the Scholae Palatinae .
The pallone col bracciale players are called pallonisti and during 19th century Italian professional pallonisti were richest and best rewarded sportsmen of all the world .
The pamphlet was written when Pakistan was part of British India .
The pancreas is an organ that releases hormones and enzymes to help digestion .
The paper has won 10 Pulitzer Prizes .
The paper money or notes had pictures of Chinese emperors printed on them .
The paper money was in five values in 1932 .
The paper was in a building at the corner of Colorado Blvd . and Oakland Avenue for years .
The papilla is made up mainly of connective tissue and a capillary loop .
The parable immediately precedes the Parable of the Ten Virgins in the Matthew 25 .
The parable indicates Jesus is giving his hearers one last chance to repent their sins .
The parable is connected to the miracle of cursing the fig tree .
The parable is therefore an incentive to pray .
The parable of the Unjust Judge has a similar meaning .
The parasite causes a deadly infection which kills many people each year .
The parasite that causes malaria is a protozoan called Plasmodium .
The parents have the same family name .
The parents of the pupils had also heard of the accident and had come to search for their children .
The park closed in 1859 and the land was sold to become buildings .
The park has an area called the Orphanage where orphaned and abandoned animals are looked after .
The park has lots of different kinds of animals .
The park has many animals and rides .
The park has many tropical plants .
The park has many water slides and even a ski lift to transport guests to the top of the water slides .
The park is fairly inaccessible by road to this day .
The park is open to the public without charge .
The parlor is a room in a house where people could meet .
The parotid gland makes serous secretions .
The part of the Ukraine where they worked was then part of Imperial Russia .
The part of the ear that sticks out and can be seen is called the pinna .
The part on the model that takes the changing signals and helps turn them into movement is called the receiver .
The particle may only occupy certain positive energy levels .
The particular significance attached to the occasion shows regional variation outside of Punjab too .
The parties may also ask witnesses questions about what the argument or disagreement is about .
The party is an electoral extension of the Pakistan Peoples Party .
The party that starts the lawsuit is called the plaintiff because they are complaining about something the other side has done .
The party was founded by Vidkun Quisling and a group of sympathisers .
The party was founded on November 30 1967 by Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto who was also its first chairman .
The party won 65 seats and formed a minority coalition government with the Labor Party and the support of a number of Independent TDs .
The pass connects the Valley of Kashmir with Jammu .
The pass lies in the west of Naltar Pass .
The pass lies west of Chaprot Pass and east of Hayal Pass .
The pass road begins at Dargai .
The passenger train was badly damaged and had to be destroyed .
The past tense is used for describing things that have already happened .
The pastoral industry made started slowly in the Top End .
The patent owner can give other people permission to use their patent .
The patent troll usually asks for an amount of money that is less than defending a lawsuit .
The path behind the pretty woman runs beside a river .
The pathogen bacterium Rickettsia .
The patient should be put on a juice diet for a week .
The patient should rest until the acute symptoms of the disease subside .
The patient should take plenty of fresh vegetables and fruit juices .
The payments from users are used to pay for the repairs instead .
The peach baskets were used until 1906 when they were finally replaced by metal hoops with backboards .
The peak of Ararat is seasonally capped with snow .
The peasants where subjects which had to pay tribute to the lord .
The pedal has the chorale tune in long notes .
The peninsula also had a lot of trees that could be used for ship building and building houses .
The peninsula is 160 km long .
The peninsula is claimed as one of Australias best surfing spots at Cape Roaul and Roaring Beach .
The people do not need clothes to protect them from the weather .
The people doing this were called scribes .
The people from Hartlepool thought it was a person and tried to ask it questions .
The people in Yass wanted the railway to pass closer or even through the town .
The people in the Konkan region eat more rice and the ones near the ocean eat a lot of fish .
The people listened to him .
The people living there developed their own language and culture .
The people of Cambodia are called Cambodians or Kampucheans .
The people of Cantabria have autonomy in Spain which means they have their own local government and much control over their region .
The people of Greece and Rome learned to do this too .
The people of Hamilton are from many different countries and speak many different languages .
The people of Jamestown had many problems .
The people of Lancashire are known for their friendly nature .
The people of Manitoba elected a legislature .
The people of Nagar valley are very loving and hospitable to visitors .
The people of the canton are spread thinly .
The people of the islands are British and speak English .
The people refused .
The people speak the Wakhi language and follow the Ismaili sect of Islam .
The people started worshipping the gods with dance .
The people that live there are called Lavallois .
The people used Sanam Luang to perform ceremonies instead of growing rice .
The people visiting go skiing and hiking in the forests of Karpenisi .
The people wanted to see a quick end to the war .
The people who are part of the cargo cults think that the cargo was created by their deities and ancestors .
The people who give the game show money to run are called sponsors .
The people who have Malaria often feel like they had influenza .
The people who invest get to be the owners of what they buy or build together .
The people who killed him did so because they believed that he was causing trouble for the government and because he was claiming to be the Messiah .
The people who live in the state are known as Kansans .
The people who live there speak Spanish .
The people who lived in the Massachusetts Bay Colony were called Puritans .
The people who made the movement feared they would lose their liberty when the English left .
The people who run a bank are called bankers .
The people who tell these stories are called Griot .
The people who work in the examples are usually from the country .
The people who worked inside the bunker traveled to work in buses with tinted windows .
The peoples of East Pakistan were mostly ethnic Bengalis who had a different language and culture to the people of western Pakistani .
The person at the front wears a mask and plays a very noisy instrument called a rummelpott .
The person is then infected with Plasmodium .
The person make laugh visitor with a funny remark .
The person or company that copies the invention will have to pay the inventor money .
The person playing the drum can either hang it on their neck or put it on the floor .
The person who plays as Vaan in Final Fantasy XII is Bobby Edner in the English game and Kouhei Takeda in the Japanese game .
The person who would become the monarch after them would be any of their children .
The personalized platform channel allows users to choose and select only the service they want out of the variety of service offerings .
The persons who train martial arts disagree with relation to the matter of the competitions .
The petrochemical industry also uses them to make olefins and solvents .
The phantom pregnancies were cancer in her liver .
The philosopher Ludwig Wittgenstein first applied the term to propositional logic in 1921 .
The photon gives its energy to the nucleus and then creates a pair of positively and negatively charged electrons .
The phragmocone is divided into chambers .
The phrase birth name can be used by a man if he changes his name when marrying .
The phylogenetic relationships of the different groups of bats have been the subject of much debate .
The piano is therefore closer to a clavichord than a harpsichord .
The pickups are magnetic devices that sit below the strings .
The picture on the front of the album has many mistakes in it .
The pictures are labeled with numbers to show different parts of the invention .
The piece is called La folie espagnole .
The piece is for a string orchestra divided into two sections .
The piece that the sail is attached to is called a mast .
The pieces of bread in a sandwich are referred to as slices or sheets of bread .
The pigment must be made wet with something that will make it stick onto the surface and not come off easily .
The pilgrimage is called hajj in the Arabic language .
The pilgrimage is one of the five most important duties a Muslim must do .
The pilgrimage is one of the pillars of Islam .
The pilgrimage to Mecca is very popular as millions of Muslims visit the Islamic city each year .
The pilots radioed to ground troops and the North Koreans were captured .
The pink triangle was used by Nazis to show who was homosexual .
The pirates did not have to fight with any central authority until the Alaouite Dynasty united Morocco in 1666 .
The pit area of the circuit is located in an empty plot of land off Republic Boulevard .
The pitcher normally throws the ball close enough for the batter to hit it .
The place has good hotels and restaurants and some of them are the best ones in the city .
The place is divided into three political parts .
The place name La Hoguette is derived from the Old Norse word haugr meaning a hill or mound .
The place where a baker works is called a bakehouse or a bakery .
The place where plates meet are called plate boundaries .
The place where the station was built was specially selected for the view it offers .
The plan did not work .
The plan of the paintings was to show firstly how Sin came into the world through the disobedience of Adam and Eve .
The plan ran for four years beginning in July 1947 .
The planes were built in both Britain and the United States .
The planet Mars is made of rock .
The planet has a small carbon dioxide atmosphere .
The planet is referred to as Fomalhaut b.
The plans of the mayor are looked at by the London Assembly and actioned by the Greater London Authority .
The plant grows naturally in Japan .
The plant grows to a length of 70 centimeters or less .
The plant is a very thorny bush with aromatic leaves .
The plant is native to northeastern Brazil .
The plant it grows on is a vine .
The plant then absorbs the nutrients through its leaves .
The plant was brought back to Europe by the Spanish .
The plants developed the secretion of capsaicin to protect the fruit from being eaten by mammals .
The plants grow fruits on them .
The plants under the canopy must be able to live with very little sunlight .
The plants use caffeine as a pesticide .
The plants usually grow in heath landscapes or in forests .
The platform is used to develop and run Java programs .
The platform rotates under motor power in the middle and can move up and down .
The platforms are 1.25 km long .
The play became a horseback tournament in the 17th century in the West and was designed as a tool for the knights to show skill in throwing a spear while on horseback .
The play ends when Macduff finishes Macbeth .
The play is often just called Hamlet .
The play was called Prelude to a Kiss and she played the main character called Rita .
The player and the Arbiter head off to activate the single Halo and save the Galaxy .
The player and the marines fight their way through invading Covenant force to a human outpost .
The player blows into a reed fitted into the mouthpiece of the instrument .
The player can also carry alien weapons like plasma rifles and needlers .
The player can also create weapons using drawings found in the game .
The player can also try to get married and have a baby .
The player can avoid capturing the piece .
The player can hold up to two weapons at once or three when dual wielding .
The player controls a character on the screen with two different view points .
The player controls the character by using the mouse to make the character go places .
The player encouraged Robinson to write the Monarchs and ask for a tryout .
The player ignores the warning .
The player is able to use many weapons and machines to attack enemies and solve puzzles .
The player is helped in their fight against the Covenant by human marines .
The player keeps the bag full of air by blowing into it with a tube or pumping it with a bellows .
The player moves a car around a maze .
The player moves by using the movement of his own hands .
The player must fight through Covenant forces to disable the bombs .
The player must now take control of Chief as he battles to stop the Covenant from firing the ring .
The player once again plays as Master Chief as he falls towards Earth .
The player starts with four lives .
The player turns the peg to make the string more tight or less tight .
The player winds the string round the thumb and finger so that the two shells can be clicked together .
The players have a word for him .
The players in a game are not even always people .
The players of the opposing team will try to block them from making a basket .
The plural of krone is kroner .
The poem is originally from Odes 1.11 .
The poems have a unique metre that is not known outside Finnic languages .
The poetry world is like that .
The point of the game is to roll enough things onto the ball .
The poison was supposed to kill him .
The poisons come from the plants of the forest .
The poles of two magnets will repel or attract each other .
The police believe she has been murdered .
The police captured the rest of the gang a few days later .
The police charged the bushrangers with the murder of Bowen .
The police do not know which person committed the crime and which person just helped .
The police enforce the criminal laws by arresting people suspected of breaking the law .
The police put him in the new Ballarat Gaol to wait for his trial .
The police soon caught them and the court sentenced them to death .
The policy was ended in 1921 because it was not successful .
The political authority of a Caliph as head of state of a Caliphate comes from the fact that he is seen as a successor to the Islamic prophet Muhammad .
The political representatives from the town have held many important positions in the many different governments .
The pollution originates from farming .
The ponds can be filled with salt water .
The pool is formed only when tide is low and people can get there by boat .
The pool is not actually the lowest point of the basin .
The popular Shark Bay World Heritage Site lies to the south of the town .
The popular Usain Bolt is also an asset from the country .
The popularity of castrato singers died out in the 19th century when operas became less artificial and more like real life .
The population as of 2007 is about 996 .
The population density of the state is 41.3 people per square mile .
The population has declined steeply more than once .
The population in 2004 was about 2.009.506 .
The population is about 2400 .
The population of Cameroon is about 20 million .
The population of Jamaica is 2.8 million as of 2009 .
The population of Kingstown as of 2006 is 902 .
The population of Mayaguana in the 2000 census was 259 and is currently about 312 .
The population of each subspecies is geographically isolated and they can be distinguished primarily by differences in body size .
The population of the city and nearby area is about 1 million .
The population of the city is about 1.5 million .
The population of the town includes members of many different tribes .
The population was 610 at the 2000 census .
The population was about 1.528.809 in 2004 .
The population were unable to start returning until December 1945 .
The populations are ecological races if they arise from adaptation to different local habitats or geographic races when they are geographically isolated .
The port is also among the most important ones in the Mediterranean .
The portable player was a revolutionary device since one could take favorite music with him or her .
The portrait also presides over the final scene when Anne Baxter moves past it .
The position of the frog which received a ball indicated the direction of the earthquake .
The position with highest value of the similarity will be accepted as result .
The possible problem ended when Dodgers bosses defended Robinson .
The postal code for Malmeneich is 65604 and its dialing code is 06433 .
The potential in this model is given as
The powder is made from different chemicals .
The power of a light bulb is measured in watts .
The practice of Naginata educates perfect control and balanced movements of the body .
The practice of castrating young boys who had good singing voices was quite common in Italy in the 17th century .
The practice of castration has its roots before recorded human history .
The practice of hanami is many centuries old .
The prayer to the Sacred Heart of Jesus is a Roman Catholic devotion .
The prayer was written by Saint Margaret Mary Alacoque .
The precise year of his death is not certain .
The prefecture in addition includes the Ikaria island and Fournoi Island .
The prefecture is divided into eleven different counties .
The preparation of matcha starts several weeks before harvest .
The presence of a rabbi does not make the food kosher or unkosher .
The presence of coliform bacteria in the waters has increased well above normal .
The presence of the monuments at such a height indicates that the area has been inhabited for over 2000 years .
The present bridge is most significant for road traffic across the Thames .
The presentation of Rama as essentially human hero .
The preservation of the line inspired the Ealing Comedy film The Titfield Thunderbolt .
The preservation treatment took almost 20 years to complete .
The president of Eastern Kentucky is Dr. Charles Doug Whitlock .
The president of Maccabi Haifa association is Yochanan Vollach .
The president of Yale is named Richard Levin .
The president of the United Republic of Tanzania is Jakaya Mrisho Kikwete .
The president of the country since 1991 is called Nursultan Nazarbayev .
The president of the province is Mr. Prajak Suwanpakdee .
The president was Qazi Muhammad .
The presidential election of 1892 happened when Harry was eight years old .
The press tried to figure out who the anonymous model was and commented that she closely resembled Monroe .
The price of silver changed and the yuan would not buy 24 grams of silver .
The primary components of vascular tissue are the xylem and phloem .
The primary role of a rabbi is to teach Torah .
The prime counting function is the number of primes less than or equal to x.
The prime objectives of Rangers is to provide and maintain security in hot conflict and war zone areas .
The primitive flowering plants Austrobaileya scandens and Idiospermum australiense are also endemic to the Daintree .
The principal place on the lake is the town of Zug .
The print collections include large collections of microform .
The printing press was also made .
The prison at Port Arthur is now a tourist attraction .
The prisoners in Lager Norderney and Lager Sylt were slave labourers forced to build the many military fortifications and installations throughout Alderney .
The prisoners in Lager Sylt and Lager Norderney were slave labourers forced to build the many military fortifications and installations throughout Alderney .
The prisoners there were moved to a new prison at Port Arthur .
The privy council investigation declared that the story was false .
The probe Giotto from the European Space Agency managed the closest approach to the comet .
The problem for the gods is that Freia has a garden in which she grows golden apples .
The problem of drought affects most of the countries .
The problem of this approach is that it leaves aside most chemical properties of the elements in question .
The problem was seen only later .
The problem with barter is one person may not want what the other person has .
The process is called lichenometry .
The process of carbonation can also occur naturally to produce carbonated mineral water .
The process of dissolving carbon dioxide gas is called carbonation .
The process of road expenditure urine Urine in Tubulus kolektivus which is in the ureter ren forwarded by the vessica urinaria the urethra in the genitals .
The process through which plants get their food through their leaves is called photosynthesis .
The producer of the album was Arnold Lanni .
The producer of the album was Mike E. Clark .
The producer was Rick Rubin .
The product was known as Northick II .
The production changes every year .
The production of the Countach ended in 1990 .
The production of the Jalpa ended in 1988 due to failing sales of the car .
The products used in the Mauritian cuisine are both local and imported .
The program goes against Coronation Street and Emmerdale .
The program is located an imaginary area of East London called Walford .
The programmers renamed the drugs so that it could be sold in Australia .
The programming language Java has also been criticised .
The promise of a health service that would be free at the point of service was broken almost right away with the start of prescription charges .
The promise of resurrection after death was a tenet of the cult of Osiris .
The pronunciation has changed from Sakitama to Saitama over the years .
The proposal was abandoned because it would cost too much .
The proposals were narrowed down to five finalists .
The proposed amendment was mired in controversy and the many accompanying legal changes needed were not clearly presented .
The prosecution indicated it would not appeal .
The proton is made up of two up quarks and one down quark .
The protons are moved around the Large Hadron Collider at very high speeds by giant supercooled electromagnets .
The prototype of the new laptop was presented to Radio Shack .
The province has been an important administrative territory since colonial times .
The province has many material resources such as iron and nickel .
The province has the same name of the capital of the province .
The province is bordered to the west by La Romana and El Seibo provinces .
The province is nicknamed The Land of Living Skies .
The province is punctuated by the North and South Saskatchewan rivers that run through it .
The province is separated from the Puerto Plata province by the Cordillera Septentrional mountain range .
The province occupies the eastern part of the Yaque del Norte Valley and the River Yaque del Norte runs through the province .
The province was given the name of the capital city but soon was changed to La Altagracia .
The province was part of Svealand before Sweden was consolidated in the 11th century .
The province was part of the old Azua .
The provinces and territories were divided into 26 divisions with now 147 districts directly divided from the provinces .
The pub in EastEnders is called The Queen Vic .
The public did not like this .
The public learned of the fact that the doctors had been fooled and this created panic within the medical profession .
The public schools are run by the Wake County Public School System .
The publication is much like the Klagspiegel of 1436 .
The publication of the Seth books established her as an important person in the world of the paranormal .
The pumses are the arranged groups of movements of defense and of attack .
The pupils belonged to the final year of a school in Radevormwald and were returning from a trip to Bremen .
The purchase of 797 bookstores turned the company into a nationwide retailer .
The purpose is to see whether any of the drivers added were causing the problem .
The purpose of salad dressing depends across cultures .
The purpose of the book is to explain the importance of proper punctuation .
The purpose of the library is to assist members of the Diet of Japan .
The quadratic equation is now in a form in which completing the square can be done .
The quake brought huge destruction .
The quality of a vassal was only in his fighting ability and the strength of his loyalty .
The queen finds the safest place she can .
The queen lays an egg in each cell of the nests .
The rabbits are glad to see the new rabbits .
The race was held during monsoon rain conditions .
The race was run at the Fair Park street circuit .
The race was to become famous for the battle between James Hunt and Niki Lauda for the championship .
The racers always turn in the same direction .
The racers turn both left and right .
The races had drawn only tiny crowds .
The radio stations KRLA and later KPPC broadcast the Credibility Gap .
The radius is one of the two bones which make up the lower forearm in tetrapods .
The radula is usually adapted to the food that a species eats .
The radula is wide and distinctively has nine teeth .
The ragdoll was first bred by an American breeder named Ann Baker from the Persian and Siamese breed .
The railroad worked until 1966 .
The railway line went to Blayney 13 k north west in 1874 .
The railway tracks are a large part of the system and provide smooth and hard surfaces on which the wheels of the train roll with a little friction .
The rain during Spring makes the amount of fruit lower .
The rain forest easily regrows to fill in the clearings after the people leave .
The rain forest is destroyed and nothing can be done with the land .
The rain forests are also the source of many things that are useful to human beings .
The rain season is from April to June and from October to November .
The rainbow is also a symbol in the Christian and Jewish Bible .
The rainbow trout is one of many different kinds of trout .
The rainfall in the region has been below average since 1970 .
The rainforest can be found in three major geographical areas around the world .
The rainforest gets an average of 50 to 250 inches of rain a year .
The rainy season lasts from May until October .
The rambutan is green when not yet ripe .
The range of a musical instrument is the distance from the lowest to the highest pitch it can play .
The range was created by the Raymond Fault which made the rocks push up and sink down over time .
The ranks are based on real life military ranks .
The raspberry flower can be a source of nectar for honeybees .
The rat is a small rodent .
The ratio may also be written as 0.45 .
The ratites evolved flightlessness more than once .
The rats themselves died of the plague .
The rats were found on corpses and they went for the eyes first then they burrowed into the corpse and ate the insides of the corpse .
The rats were there because there were loads of corpses of dead people .
The razor is usually powered by a rechargeable battery .
The reader never knows whether he can be trusted or not .
The real estate around the station is the most valuable in Kyoto .
The real present in all 3 movies is October 1985
The rear change leaves the engine totally open to aid in cooling .
The reason for her being able to tell Firestar is this .
The reason for the campaign was to break the stalemate on the Western and Eastern Front and to help the Russians .
The reason for the casque is unknown .
The reason for the mass suicide often inolves religious views .
The reason for this was that no game controller and no joystick produced the same measurements each time .
The reason samples are needed is that populations may be so large that counting all the individuals may not be possible or practical .
The reason this seems to be a paradox is because no stretching or bending of the parts takes place and no new material is added yet by the end the volume can be doubled .
The reason why all the Mamodos are in the real world is to battle .
The reason why carousel is generally used today is due to its tie to the origin of the ride .
The reason why data is saved is called the first use .
The reason why he was left on the doorstep of his aunt and uncle is that both his parents are dead .
The reasoning is yet to be determined .
The reasons that cause these opinions are different .
The rebellion lasted two days .
The rebels cut off their pigtails and made their hair loose .
The rebels have also been pressuring local people to stop listening to music as well launching bomb attacks in the area .
The rebels tried to change society .
The rebuilding began in November 1997 .
The receiver measures the waves which are bounced back by the object that the radar is trying to find .
The receiver then tells a special kind of motor called a servo to move part of the model .
The receivers can reject serves at will .
The record company Deutsche Grammophon sold more copies of his music than of any other modern composer except Stravinsky .
The record had been called too hard to break .
The record label is managed by former TOTP Magazine editor Peter Loraine .
The record was broken by Roger Maris in 1961 .
The record won him two Grammy Awards and became his biggest hit .
The red band represents the nation .
The referees will then signal the player on to the court and the substitute will become a player and the player will become a substitute .
The references which follow are those used in the writing of the original article .
The referendum was carried .
The regiment is part of the Canadian Special Operations Forces Command of the Canadian Forces .
The regiment solely received a few casualties and then retreated .
The region around the cape is very dry where cacti grow .
The region has an area of .
The region is also more green than southern Spain and is very mountainous .
The region is bordered by Brittany to the north and west and Lower Normandy to the north .
The region is the most droughty in the south of the European part of Russia .
The region is very mountainous .
The region of Madrid has quite a dry climate .
The region of Mesopotamia .
The region of the province was part of the El Seibo until 1944 when it was made part of the new province of La Romana .
The region takes its name from the Balkan Mountains which run through the center of Bulgaria into eastern Serbia .
The region was created in 1974 .
The region was known from ancient times for its volcanic nature and for the very hot springs .
The reigning champions are Wexford .
The reissued edition of The Columbia History of the World by John Garrity has sold over 1 million copies .
The relationship between the executive and the legislature in a parliamentary system is called responsible government .
The release date of the movie is 2010 .
The religion has a strong dualistic world view .
The religions below are followed in Mali .
The remainder is mostly National Park and managed by the Queensland Parks and Wildlife Service .
The remaining Pompeiian soldiers fled and soon the main battle was done .
The remaining Tamil people live in many other places .
The remaining Union soldiers at the bridge decided to wait out the battle .
The remaining area is Australian Government land controlled by the Director of National Parks .
The remaining members of the family divided their various lands between them .
The remaining seven fielders may stand anywhere in the field .
The remains of St. Peter are believed to rest in the Vatican City .
The removal of tatami regulation made them more common in the Meiji Era .
The renovated opera house was opened on 7 December 2004 with the same opera by Salieri that had opened it in 1778 .
The representative of Gabon at the UN Security Council expressed his shock at the events .
The republic Kalmykia places in the extreme southeast of the European part of Russia .
The republic is in the southeast of the European part of the Russian Federation .
The republic was conquered by Iranian forces in 16 December 1946 .
The republic was run by Barbary pirates who used the two cities as base ports for starting attacks on shipping .
The request was refused .
The research done by the astrophysicist Thomas G. Brophy suggests that these monoliths might tell much more .
The residential special school Ballikinrain is also located in Balfron and caters to intervening for boys with special needs from all over Scotland .
The resolution was presented by A. K. Fazlul Huq .
The resort town of Varadero is also located in this province .
The resort was inspired by the dreams of Walt Disney and his creation of Disneyland in California .
The rest are in Afghanistan .
The rest of Kashmir is currently split between India and China .
The rest of autumn continued with frequent skirmishes .
The rest of the central nervous system runs under the gut .
The rest of the demesne land was in the form of strips dispersed through the manor .
The rest of the family stayed strictly Catholic .
The rest of the game you go through various quests where your ultimate goal is to gain revenge on the King .
The rest of the makers liked it so it happened
The rest of the paintings show The Life of Saint Peter .
The rest of the plant is a network of threads inside roots of the host plant .
The rest of the properties are smaller contributing properties that are part of historic districts .
The rest of the staff were moved to EA Los Angeles to support The Saboteur and Mercs Inc.
The restoration and conservation studios operate in the gallery .
The result is called derivative or slope .
The result is that TCQ can improve the overall performance of a hard drive if it is implemented correctly .
The result was an Ottoman victory .
The result was the most famous Roman rout since the Second Punic War .
The resulting high CPU overhead and negligible performance gain contributed to a lack of market acceptance for TCQ .
The resulting mixture is then evaporated of the alcohol leaving the active terpenoid and terpene compounds which can be used immediately or cooked into bricks .
The results are not announced until after the World Series .
The results they get from this research are independent of their beliefs or religious views .
The resurrection made people believe that Jesus was the powerful Son of God .
The retrieval of the wreckage of a crashed aircraft in order to determine why the plane crashed is also referred to as salvage .
The returning champion was represented by the color red .
The review says later that the show continues to focus on a more realistic character instead of a perfect one by showing many weaknesses in his character .
The rice is usually cooked in coconut cream .
The ring has plants and animals that live on it .
The rings show different amounts of freezing on the hailstone .
The rising sea levels would have forced a lot of people to move inland .
The river Aure passes through it .
The river Chenab flows in close proximity to this location .
The river Indus passes from north to south on western side of the district and touches D.G. Khan .
The river Kiesel has its source in the village flows through it .
The river Orne flows through it .
The river San Rafael is only 3 km long but many persons go there during summer to enjoy its cool waters and part of its water is taken to the city of Barahona .
The river drains water from the Great Lakes into the Atlantic Ocean .
The river ends in the Black Sea through the Danube Delta .
The river flowed through parts of western and northern India .
The river flows through Seoul then shortly merges with the Imjin River shortly before it flows in to the Yellow sea .
The river in general flows through steep hills on either side excepting the lower reach for about 35 km .
The river originates in the Qinghai Mountains and flows west .
The river provides drinking water to over 22 million California citizens .
The river starts at the Allegheny Mountains and goes into the Atlantic Ocean .
The river touches plain land in the Rishikesh region near Haridwar in Uttarakhand .
The river was first used for navigation during the California Gold Rush of 1849 .
The river was once one of the richest river ecosystems in California .
The river which runs through the city is known as the Pisuerga .
The riverbanks of the lowlands are home to specific wildlife of their own .
The rivers that flow from the Sierra de Neiba always have water .
The riyal is fixed to be the same as 0.266667 United States dollars .
The riyal is the official money used in Saudi Arabia .
The road became the main road to Melbourne .
The road follows the Hunza river for some distance through Nagar and into the Hunza region .
The road systems in Sabah and Sarawak are less developed and of lower quality in comparison to that of Peninsular Malaysia .
The road would link together existing public roads .
The roads are usuaslly built by businesses who want to cut down trees or dig up minerals in the forest .
The roads in the town center were too narrow for the Tanks to get through .
The roar from the falling water is very loud and the sound makes beautiful music .
The rocks of the surrounding area are predominantly volcanic .
The rocky coastline has been the site of a number of shipwrecks .
The rocky shores are home to scorpions and carpet vipers .
The roof of each building is made of copper which turns green over time .
The roof of the West Stand is corrugated iron this also houses the main television gantry which is accessed from the upper level seating area by a temporary ladder .
The roofs of the building have grasses on the top that looks like a small rolling hill in the garden campus .
The room also had a big map of the South West Pacific theater of World War II .
The root is smashed up into paste for people to eat .
The roots of this fighting technique come for over 1.000 years ago .
The round table which has no legs or head symbolized the idea of a good king because every knight who sat at it had an equal place .
The row of pink spots on the underside are more noticeable than the pink spots on the upper side .
The royal council slowly grew into a Parliament .
The royal family were watching at one end and the others in galleries on three sides .
The rulers and noblemen usually wore clothing of different kinds of foreign styles .
The rules and the amount of money bet are decided on before the event happens .
The rules are almost identical to hurling with a few exceptions .
The rules are altered slightly but the game follows the same general concepts .
The rules for patents are similar for most countries .
The rung is what the climber can put his foot on .
The safety curtain may be lowered during the intermission and after the performance .
The saffron crocus resulted when C. cartwrightianus was subjected to a lot of artificial selection by growers who wanted plants with longer stigmas .
The sale of reindeer meat is an important source of income for the Lapp people .
The salivary glands make saliva .
The saltwater crocodile is a large reptile growing to about 5 m in length .
The same material was used at the Bahrain International Circuit .
The same number of men were taken as prisoners .
The same pair came second in the doubles final at the French Open .
The same surface is used at the Yas Marina Circuit for the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix .
The sample in its gaseous state can then be separated into different parts to help identify which compounds are in it .
The sample is carefully chosen .
The sample size of a statistical sample is the number of observations that make up it .
The sample to be tested is first turned into a gas .
The samurai and shogun of Medieval Japan are similar to knights and lords in Medieval Europe .
The samurai used the naginata only when fighting against numerous enemies or on horseback .
The sand dollars are the most specialised sea urchins .
The sandwiches are put in a lunchbox and often wrapped in cling film to keep them fresh .
The sanmaime means a comedian .
The satellite was not able to show pictures of lakes moving in the wind .
The saxophone family is known as a transpositional family of instruments due to the fact that you do not have to alter the fingering when playing different ones .
The scene is usually shown by Jesus giving Peter the Keys of Heaven .
The scene opened in the ballroom of the then fictitious Sarah Siddons Society .
The school colors are gray and orange .
The school flower is Lagerstroemia loudonii Binn .
The school has about 800 students .
The school has around 113 faculty members and approximately 1050 students .
The school is centrally located in the village .
The school library has lots of books on all the subjects studied at the school .
The school moved to its present location in 1821 and is now named The American School for the Deaf .
The school sounds most exciting .
The school was created in 1974 .
The school was opened in 1980 by the Governor General Sir David Beattie .
The school was part of the Southwestern Athletic Conference at the time .
The school was started in 1897 .
The scientific method is a means by which an opinion may be tested .
The scientific name for handedness is laterisation .
The scientists changed their minds when they found that it was not just humans who have laterisation .
The scientists later discovered that a new species of bacteria had caused the illness .
The sculptor has carved his name on the statue .
The sea at Sandspit is very calm and quiet from October to March and very rough during the monsoon .
The sea is part of the south Pacific Ocean .
The sea is southeast of the Gulf of Mexico .
The sea provides a significant source of food .
The search for a substitute for ivory use was not for environmental reasons but based on how expensive they were and fear of danger for elephant hunters .
The season 1 NXT Rookies interfered in the Fatal 4 Way and cost Orton the match .
The seasonal changes on Earth are because of the 23 degree tilt of its rotation axis and slightly elliptical path around the Sun .
The seasoning is used in many cuisines to add color and flavor to cooked foods .
The seat marks the place set aside in the prominent church of the diocese for the head of that diocese and is therefore a major symbol of authority .
The second Wikimania was hosted in this city in 2006 .
The second baseman and the shortstop stand on either side of second base .
The second characteristic is that it is not played against a wall .
The second group is Hill Country Tamils .
The second group mostly live in the central highlands .
The second is a nimaime .
The second is that they use perspective to give the impression that the viewer is looking into the scene .
The second job that Uccello had at the Cathedral was to paint the clock .
The second largest is Lyon .
The second layer was worn with the fur facing out .
The second pair is on the thorax .
The second part will connect Bukit Panjang in western Singapore with the first part .
The second phase is influenced by the Orient and Mediterranean cultures .
The second reason is for when it is eating .
The second road begins in Hato Mayor del Rey and ends in Sabana de la Mar.
The second row is pink .
The secondary part of civil law is the legal approaches that are part of custom .
The seeds germinate and send down roots towards the ground .
The seeds grow in a small seedpod .
The seeds of the tree are roasted to make coffee .
The selective pressure for evolutionary modification .
The semiconductors made are faster and higher power .
The senate had ordered Sempronius Longus to bring his army from Sicily to meet Scipio and face Hannibal .
The series Twilight by Stephenie Meyer is also about vampires .
The series continued throughout the 1970s and 1980s with Roger Moore playing the role of Bond .
The series did not do well in the ratings and quickly ended .
The series ends with Aang and Katara kissing .
The series has gained a wide range of critical acclaim .
The series is shown on the Showtime television network .
The series itself also received nominations in three other categories .
The series lasted for eight months and 17 episodes before it ended .
The series ran between 1975 and 1979 .
The series remained in the air between 1961 and 1969 .
The series stars Miley Cyrus as Miley Stewart .
The series started with 4 events over the winter season and quickly built up good regular crowds .
The series was canceled in 1968 and the group disbanded in 1970 .
The series was filmed in Australia .
The series was made by Peter Firmin and Oliver Postgate through their company Smallfilms .
The series was set between 1959 and 1967 and was made under Paramount Television .
The series was shown on the American network ABC .
The settlement of Aarhus started about 770 .
The settlers traded with the Powhatan Indians .
The seven species of Water hyacinth are in the genus Eichhornia .
The seven stories are stories with a moral .
The shadow of the Inquisition fell over the south of France .
The shallow water here is ideal for swimming and sunbathing .
The shape of rainbands linked with cold fronts can be changed by mountains .
The shape of the administrative area Warwickshire differs considerably from that of the historic county .
The shape of the estuaries and tidal flats varies considerably from the dry season to the wet season .
The shape of the valley can still be seen from the tops of the hills that stick out from the water .
The shell coloration also keeps the animal cryptic in the water .
The shell is internally divided into chambers .
The shell keep was built on the site some 70 years later .
The shell of the nautilus can not withstand depths greater than approximately 800 m.
The shelters contain several impressive paintings that deal with the Dreamtime .
The sheriff looked after an area called his bailiwick .
The ship Challenger One sped up along its course in an attempt to allow journalists to take their photos of the ongoing raid .
The ship arrives in front of Halo .
The ship had been built on the River Thames in 1786 .
The ship is piloted by Captain Keyes .
The ship was brought up in 1961 and was then treated with special chemicals so that it would last for a long time .
The ship was built from 1626 to 1628 .
The ships left England in May 1787 and arrived in Australia in January 1788 .
The ships were headed to the port of Gaza .
The shogun made the daimyo come to Edo every other year .
The shogunate prohibited the woman from performing in 1629 .
The shoin style of traditional Japanese residential architecture began in the Kamakura Era .
The shooting lasted about ten minutes .
The shop did not sell anything .
The short form Taumata is used in everyday talk .
The shortest way between these cities is to go round the lake .
The shortstop also covers second or third base and the near part of left field .
The shortstop is usually the best fielder on the team .
The show also uses a lot of profanity and sex scenes .
The show has a good message for its audience by showing Max and Ruby playing together and using respect and love in solving their problems .
The show has been nominated for some awards and won the National Television Award for Most Popular Comedy Programme in 1999 .
The show is educational and teaches children to be healthy and exercise .
The show is notable for its setting and messages about family and loyalty .
The show is still on the air today .
The show just finished showing its 29th series and a 30th series is in production .
The show puts humor into common everyday situations and is famous for their style of comedy that always makes fun of past American culture .
The show was canceled after four seasons and ended with a cliffhanger .
The show was well liked by both the critics and the audience .
The shows the slope of the function and the the position of the function on the ordinate .
The sidewalls vary from very steep to precipitous .
The sign might be a vision .
The significance of this procedure is not yet clear .
The silicon in gray cast iron causes the carbon to change into graphite .
The simple form of jaundice can be cured quickly by diet and exercises .
The simple past tense is used when telling a story .
The simple way is to move the model in the target image and measure a similarity in each position .
The simplest and oldest form of payment is barter .
The simplest kanji have one stroke and the most complex may have up to 23 strokes .
The sine wave has a pattern that repeats .
The sinews were used as sewing thread .
The single is only available on UK television and online .
The single was released in 2003 .
The single was very successful .
The siphons are also used to detect prey from a distance .
The sisters never saw each other again .
The sitcom aired on Tuesdays for most of its run .
The site became Vauxhall Gardens in 1785 and money was charged to gain entry .
The site had a clever water drainage system and many stone sculptures .
The site includes a Maya royal tomb and examples of Maya writing that are among the first from the Maya region .
The site is often used by major media companies and baseball broadcasters as a source for statistics .
The site now carries over 1 million titles .
The site of the Bastille is now called the Place de la Bastille .
The site of the ground was formerly a farm called Palmers Toun .
The sites of Nourlangie and Ubirr are among the most visited locations in the Park .
The situation especially in Punjab became bad very quickly .
The situation in 1955 is complicated when Marty meets his own parents as teenagers .
The six first cataracts of the River Nile were the main obstacles for boats sailing on the Nile in antiquity .
The six teams in each conference are listed in order of how well they played in the season .
The six yogas of Naropa involve complicated visualisation combined with yoga and breathing excercises .
The sixty percent of total population of Brusho belongs to Nagar .
The size and brightness of a star determine where the circumstellar habitable zone is found around the star .
The size of a litter is usually three to five kittens .
The size of each electorate can be very different .
The size of some standard barrels is not the same in all countries .
The size of the bird depends on where it lives .
The size of the island is 42 hectares and the highest point is of 28 meters .
The skin and skull of a kangaroo was taken back to England to be put on show .
The skin becomes leather .
The skin colors brighten as the animal gets more excited .
The skin of salamanders secretes mucus .
The skins were then sold to make leather goods .
The skull also has an imprint of the brain .
The slogan of the city is effort land .
The slopes of parallel lines are always equal .
The slow down caused by a website getting more people on it can also be called lag .
The small building by the hoist is the old slaughterhouse .
The small cavity magnetron tube made the size of radar sets much smaller so that they could be put into in aircraft and ships used to find submarines .
The small clearings become rain forest again without any damage .
The small droplets that look white like mist are actually liquid .
The small islands of Saona and Catalina are part of the province .
The small town lies between Kitzingen and Iphofen .
The small tubes go into ducts .
The smaller English army won against the much larger French army .
The smallest ones can be less than half a meter tall .
The smell attracts flies .
The smelly fish are dumped onto the deck of ships with the hagfish poking out from their bodies .
The social system was very fixed and unchanging during the Middle Ages .
The society studied and encouraged people in Leipzig to compose music .
The sock is divided at the toes that forms them into two groups .
The softest innermost fibers are desirable for kimono and kamishimo .
The soil in Sahara is low in organic matter .
The soil in depressions is often saline .
The soil is fertile .
The soil is so poor that it will not even grow grass to feed cattle for more than a few more years .
The soil that drops on the valley floor makes the valley flatter .
The soldiers in the trenches suffered from lice .
The soldiers met a young lady who came from a river carrying a jar of water and a wooden stove .
The solution that fills the vacuole is called cell sap .
The song Golden Years scored high in the pop charts .
The song became one of the biggest hits of 1943 .
The song combined funk and rock music .
The song first appeared on the album Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs .
The song has been sung by many other famous singers and bands .
The song is 3 minutes and 43 seconds long .
The song is a protest about the Vietnam War in 1969 .
The song is also the 4th track on the album .
The song reached the number 1 position on the US Billboard Top 100 in September 1975 .
The song tells the story of a traveling farm worker making a drink of tea at a bush camp and capturing a sheep to eat .
The song was also named after a fictional character in a movie .
The song was featured in the movie Night at the Roxbury and on a SNL skit .
The song was produced by Insane Clown Posse and Mike Clark and also featured Slash on the guitar .
The song was produced by Matt Wallace and Mark Endert .
The song was released in October 2010 .
The song was written by Raine Maida .
The song won Single of the Year at the 2009 Juno Awards and was certified 3x Platinum by the CRIA .
The songs may convey folklore and other popular tales .
The songs that are sung with these dances speak of the glory of Krishna and Radha .
The sound of their music had caused a traffic jam on the street below .
The sound work such as the dialogue and soundtrack was often praised .
The sounds naturally vary .
The soundtrack and its title track became top twenty and top ten hits on the charts respectively .
The source code is generally done in ASCII .
The source of these fossils were the coastal cliffs that surround Lyme which are part of a geological formation known as the Blue Lias .
The source of this magma is from the Anahim hotspot and continues to this day .
The sources of most GRBs are billions of light years away from Earth .
The southeast has numerous mangroves and swamps .
The southern half of this region is more often thought to be the South or Southeast .
The southwestern headwaters of the Los Angeles River are in the Santa Monica Mountains .
The special train had to stop at Yass Junction to pick up William Charles Wentworth .
The species are dicotyledons included in the order Caryophyllales .
The species are found worldwide .
The species is also hunted frequently for its skin and meat and the eggs are often harvested for human consumption .
The species is common in captivity and a number of color varieties have been bred .
The species is the largest monotreme and is slow moving .
The species numbers are approximate and many of these species are identified on the basis of only one specimen .
The species was first protected in the United States and Canada by the 1918 Migratory Bird Treaty .
The species went from being one of the most usual birds in the world during the 19th century to extinction early in the 20th century .
The specific scientific name commemorates the Austrian geologist Ferdinand von Hochstetter .
The specification is often referred to as as the DBTG database model or the CODASYL database model .
The specification was subsequently modified and developed in various committees and published by other reports in 1973 and 1978 .
The spectator capacity of the structure is 202 .
The speed of an object is how far it travels in a particular time .
The speed of the ride is low in order to keep centrifugal force low because the faster it turns the more centrifugal force the ride will have .
The sperm go from the vas deferens into the urethra .
The spice is used in cooking as a seasoning and as a food coloring .
The spirits are magical creatures .
The spirits inside kill everyone .
The sports club was founded in 1896 .
The spotted coats of the jaguar and leopards were especially popular for fur coats .
The spreading of oil through water is called emulsification .
The springs on No. 2 were adjusted and the crank pins shortened to reduce its oscillation .
The square is also used to divide the city into quarters .
The square is often made by making the main street bigger .
The stables at Redcliffe Park were either built by him or his son .
The stadium has also occasionally hosted music concerts .
The stadium was built by Norwich City in 1935 .
The stadium will host the 2010 FIFA World Cup .
The stage of time we are in is called the Kali Yuga .
The stampede began as a farming fair in 1886 and turned into the Calgary Stampede in 1923 .
The stand also has a traditional players tunnel in the center .
The stand now extends around the Norwich and Peterborough Stand corner of the ground .
The stand was renamed back to the Platt Lane Stand in the late 1990s .
The standard flavor of DSL is the Live CD .
The standard gauge Aberystwyth and Welsh Coast Railway was expanding rapidly from its base at Machynlleth however .
The standards categorizing mandu are various .
The stars are in the shape of a centaur archer .
The start and finish line is at the same place .
The start of this period is dated to the year 1909 and ended around 1912 .
The starting base is called home plate .
The starting radioactive nucleus is called the parent nucleus and the nucleus that it changes into is called the daughter nucleus .
The state agreed to become part of Pakistan on 7 October 1947 .
The state capital is Munich with 1.3 million people .
The state capital was the town of Nagar .
The state crustacean is the blue crab .
The state did not include the enclave of Gwadar which was under Omani rule until 1958 .
The state has an area of 119016 s. It is bigger than Italy but smaller than Oman .
The state is covers 39179 s and is mostly in the Himalayan mountains .
The state is in a temperate region and has four distinct seasons .
The state motto is Ua mau ke ea o ka aina i ka pono .
The state of it being done is not visible .
The state park Jonathan Dickinson State Park is in this county .
The state reptile is the diamondback terrapin .
The state song is Hawaii Ponoi .
The state was created in 1690 by Bahadur Khan II .
The state was then merged into the province of West Pakistan on 14 October 1955 .
The states of Malaysia became a colony of the British Empire .
The station TV4 showed it .
The station also connects underground to Karasuma Station .
The station contains 2 platforms .
The station has been built in a modern airport style .
The station has four platforms .
The station has two entrances .
The station is 120 f wide and two blocks long .
The station is in Zone 4 and is managed by c2c .
The station is located at .
The station is located on the A24 Balham High Road in the London Borough of Wandsworth .
The station is on the boundary of zones 1 and 2 of the London Travelcard area .
The station is owned and managed by First ScotRail .
The station name occasionally accompanies the secondary name Osaka International Convention Center .
The station opened for underground trains 1917 .
The station opened on January 22 1983 .
The station was opened by the South Eastern Railway on 1 September 1866 .
The station was originally opened as Downs Junction Station .
The stationary outlet also had curved guides .
The statistical analysis of war was started by Lewis Fry Richardson following World War I. More recent databases of wars have been assembled by the Correlates of War Project and Peter Brecke .
The statue currently attracts many visitors to the Accademia Gallery .
The stem can be up to 30 cm in diameter .
The stock market lets people buy and sell investments .
The stocking colors of teams were a way of telling one team from another .
The stomach content of 14 specimens of Afrocaecilia taitana consisted of mostly undefinable organic material and plantal remains .
The store is five stories tall .
The store might want to know now what kind of things people buy together when they buy at the store .
The stories connected to these artworks are known only to certain Aboriginal people and remain secret .
The stories deal with simple cases of theft to serial killings .
The stories of Kalevala are poems that are very old .
The stories told by fables are usually very simple .
The stories were written in 1865 and are still extremely popular in Germany .
The storm lasted from the evening of February 1st to the late night of February 1st
The storm lasted from the night of February 1st to the morning of Februar 2nd .
The storm lasted from the night of February 1st to the morning of February 2nd .
The storm started as severe thunderstorms and tornadoes erupted in Texas .
The story as laid down in the Bhagavata was performed in the temple .
The story became popular in England when Christopher Marlowe wrote a play called The Tragical History of Doctor Faustus .
The story begins in a town called Port Mystic .
The story can be played two player on the same console but not over Xbox Live .
The story in Half a Yellow Sun is centered around the war .
The story is about a young girl named Sakura who saves the world .
The story is told with the help of dance and mime .
The story is unusual because time runs backwards during the entire novel .
The story of Faust became famous all over Europe .
The story of Khamba and Thoibi are played here .
The story of the Ramayana is about Prince Rama who has been exiled from his kingdom of Ayodha .
The story of the game revolves around a science research company in the United States named Black Mesa .
The story of the opera is full of magic .
The story was passed from parent to child through songs in Russia .
The straights not not very straight the track gets very dusty off line .
The strait is part of the South China Sea and attaches to East China Sea to the northeast .
The strata where the fossils were found was then part of the coast of the Tethys Sea .
The straw can also be used for making corn dollies .
The street is lined with shops and restaurants .
The street is named after a builder called William Baker .
The street was first known as Dog Kennel Lane .
The streets of Baghdad were the first to be paved with tar from the 8th century AD .
The strength of a magnet has to do with the spaces between magnetic flux lines .
The strings are tied to the frame .
The strings supply bounce to hit the ball .
The strings themselves are manufactured in different ways and with different materials to change their tonal qualities .
The strip of land is connected to the country or region it belongs to on one side only .
The strong form of the law implies the weak one .
The strongly curved blade also made it easy to make slicing blows .
The structure of the piece goes something along the lines of A B A Coda .
The structure that traps them is called a clathrate .
The structures of manorialism varied though .
The student life at Langston University got the attention of BET and the second season of the reality television show College Hill was filmed there .
The students were protesting an Egyptian Ministry of Culture publisher printing and selling copies of the 1983 novel A Banquet for Seaweed by the Syrian writer Haidar Haidar .
The studio was shut down in 2009 from the result of layoffs in Electronic Arts .
The studios wanted the movie to scenes of Robinson being taught how to play baseball by a white man .
The study also indicated that this would be more helpful than ejaculation through sexual intercourse because intercourse can transmit diseases that may increase the risk of cancer instead .
The study of caves is called Speleology .
The study of earthquakes is called seismology .
The study of how the sea works is oceanography .
The study of lenses and how they work is called optics .
The study of whole sets of chromosomes is sometimes known as karyology .
The style of architecture used in the whole of the GDR was very different from that used in rebuilding West Berlin too .
The style of burials is same as described in classical Tamil literature .
The style of the letters on the cover were used to make the first typewriters .
The subject was to be Three scenes from the Battle of San Romano in which the Florentine troops defeated the neighbouring town of Siena .
The submandibular and submaxillary glands have both types of cells .
The suborder contains four families and fourteen species .
The substance used now is a different incendiary mixture .
The success was stopped by the Munich air disaster in 1958 .
The sudden failure of normal circulation of blood due to failure of the heart to contract results in the body not getting enough oxygenated blood .
The sugar from the malt can be fermented into beer and whisky .
The sugar industry closed in 2005 .
The summer months are very hot and the winter months are very cold .
The summer residence was Altenstein .
The summers are short but warm by Alaska standards .
The summers are usually warm .
The surface material is highly praised for the high level of grip .
The surface normal pointing out is the direction .
The surface of Callisto is heavily cratered and extremely old .
The surface of the track has a high level of grip .
The surface where the mining work is advancing called face .
The surgeon was no longer operating in isolation .
The surgeon worked together with hospital radiologists to help patients .
The surname Boreanaz is of Northern Italian origin .
The survey was started by UCSB .
The survivors would be executed when the projects were finished .
The sword is very well balanced and weighted which makes it possible for women and children to handle it .
The symbol with the name was Uno .
The symbols were adopted at various stages in the existence of Pakistan and there are various rules and regulations governing their definition or use .
The syngens are so similar in appearance that they have not been given separate species names .
The system also changes randomly in discrete steps .
The system continued in Hindu practices of worship and meditation .
The system of laws of the Middle Ages was built on the fact that society did not change .
The system used IBM punch cards to descramble the signal .
The tabasco pepper is a variety of chili pepper species Capsicum frutescens .
The table below chronicles the achievements of Saipa in various competitions since 1993 .
The table below shows how many different types of aircraft Qantas have operating and on order as of December 2010 .
The tabulating machine was a machine used to make the 1890 United States census .
The tachi had a long enough hilt to hold it with two hands .
The tael was common and was in use in Manchuria .
The taifa princes appealed for North African warriors to help them fighting Christian kings on two occasions .
The taiko drum originated in the country of Japan .
The tail is short and the cloaca is near the end of the body .
The takin is the national animal of Bhutan .
The tall canopy trees must be able to reach the sunlight high in the air and still get nutrients from the thin soil on the forest floor .
The tall figure of Plato with long hair and flowing beard is a portrait of Leonardo da Vinci .
The tallest dam in the world is the 300 meter high Nurek Dam in Tajikistan .
The tambourine came to Europe through the Arabs who brought it to Italy and Spain .
The tambourine is usually held in the hand .
The tangor is a citrus fruit .
The tank is a major part of many large armies today .
The tape was soon leaked onto the internet and became very famous .
The tapir is a forest animal that looks like a large pig .
The tarsier is also known to be the inspiration for the famous movie character Yoda of Star Wars due to its small size but excellent hunting skills .
The taste buds on the back of your tongue are the ones that can taste bitter foods the most .
The tatami is complete when it is joined to the toko and the decoration on the mat edges are sewn .
The tattoo artist guarantees that the person can not receive any physical harm as long as they follow certain conditions .
The taxi station in Basseterre is located at the Circus .
The taxonomy of the Gastropoda can be different from author to author .
The taxonomy of the Gastropoda is at present under constant revision .
The teacher talked to them about poetry .
The teaching helped Robinson raise his batting average from .296 in 1948 to .342 in 1949 .
The teaching of Khurramism developed from Mazdakism and can be used to tell certain details about Mazdakism .
The teachings of each of these schools have come down through different successions of masters since the time of Gampopa .
The teachings of the Buddha are known as Buddhism .
The team began playing in the NHL and wee originally callthe the New England Whalers before being renamed the Hartford Whalers in 1979 .
The team can decide where to put the infielders and outfielders .
The team captain of a football team is a team member who is chosen to be the leader during a football match .
The team finished second to qualify for the playoffs .
The team has a point cap that all the competitors in play at a given time must fit under .
The team has evidence that this bacterium can use arsenic instead of phosphorus in its DNA .
The team in the field tries not to let the team at bat get any runs .
The team leader was Louis Fieser .
The team lost four games to zero in the finals to the New York Islanders .
The team ran its first Formula One in .
The team ran without a primary sponsor for the first four races of the 2010 season .
The team realized that he was also good at hitting .
The team split when Kendrick was drafted to the SmackDown brand in June 2008 .
The team that has more tickets at the end of the round wins .
The team that is playing defense always has the ball .
The team that made darmstadtium was led by Dr. Jorge Rigol .
The team that often wore pinstripes was the New York Yankees .
The team that wins the World Series is the champion of Major League Baseball .
The team was founded in 1976 .
The team who scores the most points wins .
The team who wins all these playoff games are the NFL champion .
The team with the best record in the AL plays the Wild Card team .
The team with the highest score at the end of the match wins .
The team with the most points at the end of the game wins .
The team with the second best record plays against the team with the third best record .
The team won a World Series title in 1985 .
The team won a championship in his final year .
The team won an NBA Championship in 1978 over the Seattle SuperSonics .
The teams are the
The teams in the NFL play games against each other from September to January .
The teams left Metropolitan Stadium in 1982 .
The teams that lose are out of the playoffs .
The teams that lose these games are not in the playoffs competition any more .
The technique of Manipuri dance is probably the most graceful of all the classical dances of India .
The technique of ending a spoken or musical recording by fading out the sound goes back to the earliest days of recording .
The technique of playing is therefore different .
The technology was made at the end of the 1980s .
The tehsil Chaubara is almost barren and is made up of forest and sand dunes .
The tehsil is administratively subdivided into 14 Union Councils of Pakistan .
The tehsil is administratively subdivided into 37 Union Councils . .
The tehsil of Layyah and Karor Lal Esan are better developed agriculturally but they have also large areas of sand dunes and uncultivated land .
The telephone lines went to various locations including radar stations and VAOC lookout posts which reported aircraft locations to the bunker .
The telephone lines were also used to descramble the signal on the television .
The television show Dexter was based on the book .
The television signals are brought to the television through a cable .
The telogen phase is the resting phase of the hair follicle .
The temperature at which each material turns into vapor is determined according to the air pressure .
The temperature is high throughout the year .
The temperature is very hot .
The temperature of a gas is how hot or cold it is .
The template adds users to this page .
The temple of their deity was destroyed .
The temple represents the structure of the universe .
The temple ruins are referred to as marae .
The temporary IUPAC systematic element name was unniloctium .
The tenant discovered it while he was digging in an abandoned building .
The tense refers to a period in the past .
The tentacles are probably used for a second smelling capability in addition to the normal sense of smell based in the nose .
The tentacles are very sensitive and will bend toward the center of the leaf in order to bring the insect into contact with as many stalked glands as possible .
The term Dard is due to Herodotus who described a land of the Dardikae in the area of northeastern Afghanistan .
The term Far East means countries of East Asia .
The term Fatimite is sometimes used to refer to the citizens of this caliphate as well .
The term Kashmir historically was described as the valley just to the south of the western end of the Himalayan mountain range .
The term Papuan languages means languages of the western Pacific which are neither Austronesian nor Australian .
The term accidental can be used as well .
The term actually includes all figs which share their epiphytic life cycle .
The term also excludes Hong Kong and Macau .
The term comes from the Latin patronatus .
The term comes from when prisoners were kept in one place by tying a heavy iron ball to their leg with a chain .
The term is commonly shortened to phage .
The term is mostly used in the part of Tibetan Buddhism called Dzogchen .
The term is sometimes used as a negative term .
The term is still commonly used in the United States .
The term is usually used for gray cast iron .
The term may also be used for other granular materials .
The term national church is usually a reference to a church organization in Christianity that claims pastoral jurisdiction over a nation .
The term palace itself stems from Palatium .
The term palaeobiology implies that the study will investigate the palaeoecology of the groups in question .
The term prime minister is not used by the Irish media . .
The term roughly corresponds to the older basic rock class .
The term sadism was created after Donatien Alphonse de Sade because of his practice of brutality through his long life .
The term stems from the resemblance to pantograph devices for copying writing and drawings .
The term troll itself is meant to invoke the image from fairy tales of a mean monster living under a bridge that makes people pay to cross the bridge .
The term was coined by Adolf Seilacher in 1970 to describe sites which yielded the most exceptional fossils .
The term was coined by Thomas Henry Huxley in April 1860 .
The term waste implies things which have been used inefficiently or inappropriately .
The terms are also used for the ceremony celebrating this event .
The terms used are those commonly used in English .
The territories were originally part of the British Mandate of Palestine .
The territory is not a nation itself .
The territory may be large enough to hold some young adults who live with their parents until they have their own territory .
The territory of the province covers across four geographical regions .
The territory of this state is the largest of the 16 states .
The test called the Myers Briggs Type Indicator is based on his ideas .
The test showed that students who attended the school were generally better at reading and in exact sciences than students of the same age who went to other schools .
The tests were called Operation Grapple .
The text is mainly known from the King James Version of the Bible and some versions of the Textus Receptus .
The text is short .
The textile industry in Aarau broke down in about 1850 because of the protectionist tariff policies of neighboring states .
The texts were written down around 1230 .
The theater building is commonly called the Mariinsky Theatre .
The theater opened on 3 August 1778 .
The theoretical gauge boson for gravity is called a graviton .
The theory is good if the wavelength of light is much bigger than the object .
The theory was developed into Whig economic ideas such as The Poor Law Amendment Act of 1834 .
The thesis contains the main idea about the body paragraph .
The thickness of the crust changes .
The thinest part is 131km wide .
The third baseman needs to have a strong throwing arm .
The third floor is cafe .
The third is a sanmaime .
The third pair is at the end of the abdomen .
The third part of the definition was not always used by classical economists .
The third part will connect Expo in eastern Singapore with the first part .
The third phase began in 1921 .
The third was to destroy the ability of the opposing navy to wage war at sea .
The threads may execute the same or different code .
The three bacteria cited above seem to be very similar .
The three coaches have joined Naismith as members of the Basketball Hall of Fame .
The three rivers in the area have large amounts of glacial silt that is good for farming .
The three squirrels per year assumption was added to have a strong relationship and dependency between the two species .
The three synoptic gospels contain the parables of Jesus .
The three types of salivary glands are serous mixed and mucous glands .
The thrower releases the ball from the front of the circle .
The ticket shows how much money is left on the card .
The time and date of arrival will be printed on the ticket .
The time machine needs plutonium to provide the power for the flux capacitor .
The time when they were built was a peaceful one in the region .
The time with Lower provided the young Norma Jeane with one of the few stable periods in her life .
The timing when this happens is controlled by the write policy .
The tingling feeling you get when you move is paresthesia .
The tip of the tongue is composed of a mucus which creates a sticky end to which the prey is captured .
The tissue that covers the wall of your nasal cavity contains many blood vessels .
The title of Dauphin of Auvergne was used by the Count of Clermont .
The title shows that they have to organize the orchestra or choir as well as conduct it .
The title was not used after the Republic of Turkey abolished the Ottoman caliphate in 1924 .
The toilets in the trenches were mainly buckets and holes .
The tomb is slightly higher than floor level because below there is a crypt .
The tomb of Cyrus the Great is in this city .
The tools were made as long staffs with sharp stones attached to one of the ends .
The toothmarks are parallel with rough marks on the nut surface if a Wood Mouse made the hole .
The top layer is the Emergent layer .
The top of hill village Sungli and Mohalla Trippa .
The top of the flood water was measured at 15.9 metres at Cowra .
The top of the hill is 249 metres above the level of the sea .
The top of the inside of the mouth separates the nasal cavity from the mouth .
The top of the left hand meanwhile has a freer part .
The top side of the triangle has a lot of pegs in it .
The top surface is made of woven straw .
The topic of the movie is time travel .
The tops of the walls were cleverly made .
The topsawyer also had to guide the saw so that the board was of even thickness .
The total area of the district is 6291 km2 .
The total area of the island is about 39.2 square kilometers .
The total casualties on this critical day were 60 German and 26 RAF aircraft shot down .
The total charge stored on both is .
The total count of the resorts in Calamba City was 651 resorts and hot springs .
The total length of the river is about 720 km .
The total length of this River is about 514km .
The total population is just 81 .
The touchup stage needs extra effort .
The tour lasted several months .
The tournament was won by New Yorker Leon Magnus .
The tower of the church was rebuilt at the end of the 19th century after lightning struck the tower and caused a fire .
The tower was built around 1207 as part of the water castle .
The town allows good views across the valley .
The town along with Dunga Gali was a notified area .
The town also has a well preserved Roman fort called Segontium .
The town and Partido were created on December 21 1961 .
The town became much bigger after a railway station was built there in 1849 .
The town boasts a strong community spirit with an active business community association committed to finding ways to make the town prosper and attractive to new comers .
The town center below is built by the banks of the river Regnitz which splits into two parts .
The town center is protected as a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
The town church was built between 1471 and 1478 .
The town consists of 9 wards and 35 mahallas .
The town contains a historic town center with an 18th century castle .
The town flourished and attained prominence and political repute .
The town has a population of about 8500 people .
The town has a small market .
The town has an Australian Rules Football team playing in the Central Highlands Football League .
The town has been classified by the National Trust .
The town is also known as the Polo Mint city due to its many roundabouts .
The town is best known for the Farnborough Airshow which takes place every two years .
The town is famous for its Papal Basilica and Waldsassen Abbey .
The town is famous for its tapestry .
The town is located at an elevation of 1040 m.
The town is located on a ridge of yellowish sandstone which contains a palace and temples .
The town is located on the eastern bank of the Jhelum River across from the larger town of Jhelum .
The town lies south from the River Wey .
The town of Farah is located on the river .
The town of Faridpur came into being towards the late 1700s .
The town of Jahanian is the headquarters of the tehsil .
The town of Kakul is the capital of Kakul Union Council .
The town said that the rules are necessary because Carlisle has no town water backup .
The town took many decades to recover from these disasters .
The town was an important staging point for coaches going to the Ballarat goldfields .
The town was built on Jamestown Island along the James River .
The town was first started by Portugal as a trading center .
The town was founded near the village of Khangarh in 1847 by Brigadier General John Jacob .
The town was liberated by General Leclerc on August 27 .
The trace of Hanbok is found even before Three Kingdom period of Korea .
The track had a special problem .
The track has a reputation for speed .
The track is 250 metres long .
The track is 5.419 k long and incorporates a total of 25 turns .
The track list is slightly different
The track list was released in early October of 2008 .
The track was criticised by F1 drivers as being excessively bumpy .
The track was designed by German architect Hermann Tilke .
The track was first used in the last weekend of July 2008 .
The track was located in the middle of a desert .
The track was set up in the parking lot of the Caesars Palace hotel .
The tracking station was closed in the mid 1970s .
The tracks are 35 f below the street .
The tracks can be indoor or outdoor .
The tradition says that Hindus should worship their religious functions and ceremonies because he is the god of all obstacles .
The traditional food of the different races are also being sold .
The trailers suggest that the contries are locations for the game .
The train comes every 30 minutes .
The train is notable for a segment where it runs under the water in the San Francisco Bay .
The trains on this line are operated by National Express East Coast .
The tram route 3 and some bus routes stop here .
The transmitter creates the radio waves .
The travel schedule also placed stress on his relationship with Isum .
The treaty allowed France to keep most of the towns it had captured in Flanders the year before .
The treaty changed the borders .
The treaty faced issues because India has since constructed dams which limit the water flow to the Pakistani side .
The treaty itself ended the Albigensian Crusade .
The treaty said that Maria Theresa of Austria was the ruler of these territories .
The tree appeared in many Monty Python sketches as a joke .
The tree is also grown in tropic islands .
The tree is covered in live Spanish moss .
The trees are so close together that very little light or rain goes through to the lower layers .
The trials were unusual for England at that time for two reasons .
The tribes of these hills have always rebelled against those who have tried to rule them .
The tribespeople did not know how the manufactured goods worked nor how they were made .
The tributaries carry water from the hills or mountains that may be far from the main river .
The tribute the subjects had to pay varied .
The trigger for the gall to form is not known .
The trio soon became very popular .
The trio were the Second Triumvirate .
The trip was 240 miles and took 9 hours and 12 minutes .
The trophy is awarded annually to the player that leads the National Hockey League in points during the regular season .
The tropical landscapes are among the most stable in the world .
The trough of this glacier is very wide .
The tumor is spread by biting .
The turnpike was not part of the Interstate System at first .
The tusk is not used in hunting .
The two Sauber cars were disqualified after the race .
The two became known to each other at a acting group .
The two boys get up to lots of naughty pranks .
The two brothers are regarded as the best heavyweights in the world .
The two brothers were released on the following day .
The two conferences together are now called the National Football League .
The two could now communicate only by letter .
The two countries have argued for a long time over where it was created .
The two countries have been discussing a solution for a new name that both find acceptable .
The two countries joined together to form the United Republic of Tanzania in April 1964 .
The two doors were guarded by special police that worked for the military .
The two empires came close to war .
The two giants appear with Freia .
The two groups have many characteristics in common .
The two kneeling figures are the family who paid for the painting .
The two lived together at Tufts University .
The two main drugs made from the cannabis plant are marijuana and hashish .
The two main kinds are folk harps and pedal harps .
The two main volcanos are Mount Agung and Mount Batur .
The two maintained a correspondence during her exile .
The two matrices have the same dimensions .
The two men always showed one another the music they were writing so that they could help one another by offering criticism .
The two men clashed and Marvin reportedly shoved his father to the ground during the struggle .
The two pairs of castanets used are slightly different sizes so that they make a slightly different pitch .
The two parties help each other during elections .
The two parties in Government found themselves in a stalemate position .
The two photons scatter in opposite directions .
The two secondary schools in the area both have wineries .
The two sexes have different sexual organs .
The two sides of a lawsuit are called the parties .
The two sisters starred together in the movie Read it and Weep for the Disney Channel .
The two species listed here are extinct .
The two species of marsupial moles are rare and poorly understood burrowing mammals of the deserts of Western Australia .
The two styles came together and in the 17th and 18th century .
The two styles of dance may be joined together .
The two that are used the most are the simple past tense and the perfect tense
The two went their separate ways in the early 1970s and since then Simon has become a successful solo artist .
The two women soon develop a strong bond of love and friendship .
The type genus is Galega .
The type species is D. torosus .
The underlying cause is often mental .
The underside of the wings is a pale yellowish color .
The underside of the wings is also a dark brown color .
The underside of the wings is also black .
The underside of the wings is black .
The underside of the wings is similar to the upper side .
The unexpected fighting capabilities of the small Confederate army had temporarily created a reprieve for the salt works .
The unforeseen consequences for the Empire were great .
The union had a strategic win over the Confederates .
The unit was created to counter any interior or foreign attacks on the Turkish Republic .
The university gave personal guidance to all students .
The university has taken part in athletics since its baseball team began in 1890 .
The university is a member of the California Collegiate Athletic Association and the NCAA .
The university is a member of the NCAA division 1 .
The university is one of 23 campuses affiliated with the California State University system .
The university is spread over lots of buildings in the town center .
The university was accredited with a Doctorate of Physical Therapy program in 2005 .
The upper half of their body is human and the lower part is two goat legs .
The upper lips was evidently extremely mobile .
The upper parts of the Macquarie River were first seen by Europeans in 1813 .
The upper side of the body is medium to dark gray .
The upper side of the wings is black .
The urban educational and cultural opportunities of Aarau have been extended through numerous new institutions .
The use of English as a common language serves to bridge the gap between the diverse ethnic groups in Singapore .
The use of fixed denominations and printed banknotes came into use in the 18th century .
The use of glass is to allow dice to be thrown more easily .
The use of painted and decorated Easter eggs was first recorded in the 13th century .
The use of parables by Jesus was hence a natural teaching method that fit into the tradition of his time .
The use of surgery to treat cancer had poor results .
The use of tatami was a little different from now .
The use of the word taboo drawn from tapu .
The user can shut the system off by themselves to corrupt unwanted data .
The uses of carbon tetrachloride have been diminished lately because people think it might damage the ozone layer in the sky that removes ultraviolet rays from the earth .
The usual explanation is that numbers were driven so low that their chance of fossilisation were extremely low .
The usual form of getting is a bite of a rabid mammal .
The usual implementation of a game port uses a capacitor and a simple voltage comparator .
The usual words that are set to music are known as the Ordinary .
The vaccine was first developed by Louis Pasteur and Emile Roux in 1885 .
The vagina has to be lubricated to stay clean and allow sexual intercourse and childbirth .
The vagina is a part of the female human body .
The vagina is very elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during birth .
The vagina releases blood and tissue during menstruation .
The valley is one of the few areas in Alaska which supports big farms .
The vandals do not have enough money to buy an art gallery and therefore using public property to allow people to admire their talent .
The variety show format is still sometimes imitated by ensemble comedy programs .
The various dukes reorganised their territories .
The varying voltage is measured across the armature circuit .
The vascular cambium is a lateral meristem .
The vastness of their habitat and its sparse population make procreative encounters a fortuitous event .
The veal dish is known in Italian as Cotolette alla Bolognese .
The vegetation in the Eastern African is also rich with grass and some scattered trees .
The vehicle would have a support for the gun with a rotating base or turret .
The veins are lightly marked with black .
The velodrome is not just solely for the use of professional riders .
The version of On the Road that finally satisfied Kerouac was written over three weeks in 1951 .
The vertex is the point where the curvature is greatest .
The very basic idea behind caching is to use the medium that is fast to access to have copies of data .
The very common use of red bricks characterises the look of the city .
The very top of the tree has developing leaves that are soft and supple .
The very word scientist was invented in 1937 by William Whewell .
The victim is tied onto a table or wooden board .
The victims were buried on 2 June 1971 .
The victims were buried together in a large grave on the Radevormwald cemetery .
The video features the band in a factory playing the song while objects keep disappearing and appearing as lead singer Adam Levine is found playing a guitar and walking down hallways .
The video features the band on an airplane .
The video for the song is a live performance .
The video showed new features in the game such as dual wielding and the improved graphics .
The video was shot at the Los Angeles International Airport .
The views of him are somewhat divided .
The village Amerikanka was the first permanent settlement at the location of the current city .
The village became better known after 2 April 1839 when the first railway line was laid between London and Brighton .
The village became part of the Kingdom of France .
The village has been of vital importance in maritime history .
The village is a collection of farm houses .
The village is between the communes of Aubenas and Ruoms .
The village is famous because of several battles which took place there during British rule between 1853 and 1897 .
The village is famous for being the place where the Bakhshali manuscript was found .
The village is located close to the Calvados tourist spot Grotte de Bion .
The village is located on The Lizard Peninsula .
The village is small today .
The village of Kaltag began after this when the people who were left in three nearby villages moved to the area .
The village of Valparaiso can be found in Oak Creek .
The village then became Saint Maurice Torsinet in 1793 .
The village was first called Perry County Court House .
The villages located on the neighbouring hills and mountains are much smaller .
The vineyard where the tree was planted is the earth .
The vintage festival lasts for 9 days and on each day many events take place .
The violin sounds like a skylark singing in the sky .
The vomeronasal organ is found at the back of the septum and has a role in finding pheromones .
The voting is conducted by members of the Professional Hockey Writers Association at the conclusion of each regular season to determine the winner .
The vowel system is the same as Spanish for most speakers .
The waggle dance proper is used to give the directions to a source further away .
The waggle phase of the dance is the most notable and informative part of the dance .
The waiter hands him the bill .
The wakizashi is a traditional Japanese sword .
The wakizashi needs less force to use and it is more maneuverable .
The wall was the most heavily fortified border in the Empire .
The wallabies have a very unusual breeding pattern .
The wallaby lives under sheoak plants .
The walls and towers were of the same height and width and joined by a broad path .
The walruses that live in the Atlantic Ocean are a little smaller than the ones in the Pacific Ocean .
The war Hannibal wanted was declared at the end of the year .
The war began because of political struggles caused by the numerous attempts to secede from the southeastern provinces of Nigeria and create the Republic of Biafra .
The war between British army and the people of Nagar .
The war caused Madison to want a stronger government than he had before .
The war lasted for about one hundred years .
The war was a success and the Ottoman Empire lost almost its entire European territories .
The war was very important because both India and Pakistan had nuclear weapons .
The war years had slowed him down as a composer .
The watch could resist magnetic fields .
The watch named Kallista had 118 diamonds .
The water along the north shore is Burrard Inlet .
The water comes from a spring .
The water covered their floors .
The water cured any disease .
The water cycle is the cycle water goes through on Earth .
The water hemisphere is the hemisphere on the Earth with the highest area of water .
The water is then left to evaporate .
The water of the Ganges is used extensively in agriculture in the fertile Gangetic plains .
The water organ or hydraulic organ is a kind of pipe organ .
The water supply in the trenches was not very good .
The water surface area is 1.68 km2
The water that makes streams on the top of a plateau cuts down in wide valleys with sides that are steep cliffs and a bottom that is quite flat .
The water then flows into Lake Erie on its way to the ocean .
The water was bad for drinking .
The water wheel remained competitive with the steam engine well into the Industrial Revolution .
The water which goes into it does not flow into any ocean .
The waters in the Gulf near the Cobourg Peninsula are protected by the Garig Gunak Barlu National Park .
The waters of the Ravi river are allocated to India under the Indus Waters Treaty between India and Pakistan and the resulting Indus Basin Project .
The watershed is the time of the day where content not suitable for children may be shown .
The waveform is the shape of a wave as it travels .
The wavelength can be found by measuring the length or distance between one peak of a sine wave and the next peak .
The wavelength can be found in many other ways too .
The wax sometimes drips down the side of the candle .
The waxing of young girls has been criticized and concerns over emotional problems have been raised by parents and by doctors and psychologists .
The way a person or thing got into a castle was through a gate .
The way naginata was handled required specific motions because of its length .
The way people moved was planned in set formation .
The way the Chinese government stopped the protest by force was important to Jin .
The way to hold nagamaki was also very specific .
The ways that a pitcher throws the ball are called pitches .
The weapon looks like a pole and is often mistaken with one .
The weapon reminds a pole and is very efficient against riders as well as against foot soldiers .
The weather is more humid in the east and dryer in the west .
The weather is usually sunny and dry because it is near the Sahara Desert .
The weather is very extreme .
The website Uncyclopedia is also a parody of Wikipedia .
The website came online in April 2000 .
The website of this author .
The wedding banquet is his wedding banquet .
The wedding between Jane and Guildford happened on 25 May 1553 .
The wedding had been kept secret from both the press and the public .
The weight is supported by a peg to the floor .
The weight of the ice on top of lake Vostok is believed to add to the high concentration of oxygen .
The well known Scottish surgeon Alexander Monro saw only 2 breast tumor patients out of 60 surviving surgery for two years .
The well known football manager Brian Clough started his career as a manager with Hartlepool in 1965 before leaving to go on and manage Derby County .
The well that is the source of the spa was first mentioned in 823 C.E.
The west chancel is dedicated to St. Peter symbolizing the Pope .
The west coast is bordered by the Gulf of Carpentaria and the east coast by the Coral Sea .
The west front was ready by 1265 .
The west part of the mountains lies in Ventura County while the east part lies within Los Angeles County .
The western and northern part of the Palatinate is densely forested and mountainous .
The wet times with much rain did not last .
The whole area was named the Caulfield Road District in 1857 .
The whole dessert is then baked in a very hot oven for just long enough to cook the meringue .
The whole device was battery powered .
The whole work is about being safe in the hands of God .
The whole world was much colder than it is now .
The widest valleys in the world are like this .
The width of tatamiberi is about three centimeters .
The wife of the Dauphin was known as the Dauphine .
The wild plant from which the saffron crocus came was called Crocus cartwrightianus .
The wind goes around the sail and makes the boat move through the water .
The wind pushes the boat along .
The windmill made flour for the first time in 100 years in October 2008 .
The windows of the buildings have the names of people who worked for the Walt Disney Company on them .
The wine industry of the canton is the largest in Switzerland .
The winner is selected by a poll of the National Hockey League Broadcasters Association at the end of the regular season .
The winner of the award is decided by a fan vote .
The winner of the game gets home field advantage in the World Series .
The winner of the league each year wins the Stanley Cup .
The winner of the match is the first to win 2 sets .
The winner receives the Kenesaw Mountain Landis Memorial Baseball Award .
The winner was decided by partly Swedish viewers televotes and the production company Jarowskij .
The winning contestant would then play the Money Cards to win more money .
The winter shutdown meant that it was not used again until November 2009 .
The winter temperatures are rarely lower than 0 degrees Celsius during the night .
The witch was named Merope and she had an older brother and father that were very bad to her .
The woman football crew Hamburg sports association plays likewise in the 1 .
The women then cooked and ate some of it and used the rest to make an ointment that let them change themselves into other shapes .
The women were given the right to vote and the new ruler released all political prisoners in 2001 .
The wood is strong and water resistant .
The word Baroque comes from Portuguese .
The word Janeite has been used by people who love the works of Jane Austen .
The word Janeite was first begun by the literary scholar George Saintsbury in his 1894 introduction to a new edition of Pride and Prejudice .
The word Karnataka has been derived from two words i.e. karu and nadu meaning elevated land .
The word Massachusetts comes from Native American language .
The word Vampirate refers to a vampire living on the Nocturne .
The word caid originally meant the ball which was used .
The word can also be used for an Ancient Roman building that was used for law and meetings .
The word can also be used to refer to sexual practices which are bad for the mind or body .
The word capital means any thing or money that a person owns that can be used to produce more things or money .
The word castle became a part of the English language soon after the Norman Conquest to describe this new type of building .
The word cattle is used for some wild animals as well as for domesticated cattle .
The word conclave is from Latin .
The word for that is called federalism .
The word gang is usually used to refer to a group of people who commit crimes together .
The word hadith means something new or a piece of information .
The word kangaroo is an Australian Aboriginal word from the Guugu Yimidhirr people of north Queensland .
The word laboratory is also used for other places where the work done or equipment used are like those in scientific laboratories .
The word markazi means central in Persian .
The word market can also have a more general meaning in the economy .
The word naive is used in other special ways in the arts and sciences .
The word nausea comes from the Latin word for seasickness .
The word originated in the Middle Ages because a person who owned land then was also its lord who was in charge of the local government .
The word paladin was also used in 19th century Hungary and in the German Empire and United Kingdom during the early 20th century .
The word parachute comes from the French words parer meaning to protect and chute meaning fall carefully down making sure you are safe .
The word pile means the raised fibers that are there on purpose .
The word safe has more than one meaning .
The word savanna comes from the term for plains .
The word use of Basic English is much simpler and more regular than that of full English .
The word was recorded by Captain James Cook in August 1770 .
The words and melody were composed in 1539 by Martin Luther .
The words are in Latin .
The words are in Latin as they are taken from the Roman Catholic service .
The words nature and natural are used for all the things that are normally not made by humans .
The words of the Magnificat have been set to music by many composers .
The words of the Proper were not composed to special music .
The words of the mass that are not from the Ordinary are called the Proper .
The words on the flag quote the opening line of a poem by the classical poet Kanian Poongundranaar .
The words to the song were written in 1895 by a poet and nationalist Banjo Paterson .
The words were from the play The Merchant of Venice .
The words were in Catalan .
The words were written by Hugh Sherlock and the music was composed by Robert Lightbourne and arranged by Mapletoft Poulle .
The words were written by Ralph Blane and the music by Hugh Martin in 1943 .
The work carried out with a saw is usually noisy .
The work commonly referred to as Laienspiegel is a book of law .
The work he did was important for measuring what kind of personality people have .
The work is divided in three parts .
The work is occasionally played by other solo instruments .
The work of other physicians led to different views .
The work was first performed in 1937 in the Opera house in Frankfurt am Main .
The workers at Dofasco do not have a trade union .
The workers rented their small houses from the landowners .
The works of Totovents were published from 1907 .
The world at large did not know it was there until a Yale graduate named Hiram Bingham rediscovered it in 1911 .
The world castrato literally means castrated .
The world is full of danger .
The worm forms a symbiosis with certain bacteria .
The worm provides the bacteria with hydrogen sulfide and oxygen .
The worms are not parasites .
The worms can grow to a length of about 3 metres .
The worship centers of Ayyavazhi are called Pathis .
The woven beautiful color handle sets off the room .
The writer of the letter says that he had looked after the boy since 1812 and that the boy wants to serve the king in the army .
The writer of this book was Kamban .
The writers of the newspapers wrote about their beliefs that slavery was wrong .
The xanthan gum is then ready to use .
The yantra is primarily a meditation tool .
The year 1964 was also when the Civil Rights Act was passed .
The year 1989 was quite successful for laptop producers .
The year 2000 is included in this category but is actually a part of the 20th century .
The year after she became the first women elected at the American Academy of Arts and Sciences .
The year of release of the original Walkman is 1979 .
The years from 1930 to 1940 was the only time the population of Kansas went down .
The yeast is removed before the beer is bottled or served .
The yeast is usually controlled in the body .
The yound caterpillars feed together on the underside of leaves .
The young Marcel was a child prodigy .
The young birds whistle more shrilly than adults .
The young hatch after 90 days and are left to fight for themselves .
The young prostitute was so badly disfigured that her current lover could only identify her by the color of her hair and eyes .
The young warriors were made to stab the bodies of their slain enemies .
The youth hostel can be found several kilometers outside the village .
The yuan was instead of the Chinese tael .
Their ECHL affiliate team is the Ontario Reign .
Their German allies also wanted a big war .
Their Latin name is Siluriformes .
Their ability to move from place to place and adapt has made them a most efficient group .
Their access to the memory or its arrangement may be different .
Their adventure realy begins .
Their antennae are attached to their head .
Their babies are born very small .
Their babies are usually born in litters of four at one time .
Their basic view on how to behave on earth is that because they believe that there is no after life or god then your actions on earth do not matter .
Their belief was that dying when striking the enemies of Japan and the Emperor down was a very honorable death .
Their biggest size is 15 inches .
Their biggest success was during the 1990s .
Their bodies are depicted curved in sinuous dance poses .
Their career together was entirely on film .
Their city rival is Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C. .
Their closest living relatives are the anguid and helodermatid lizards .
Their closest living relatives are the tinamous of South America .
Their clothes were made froom reindeer skins and wool .
Their colors vary slightly .
Their comparative anatomy was worked out in detail by Charles Darwin .
Their conductor today is Yuri Temirkanov .
Their current leader is Ed Miliband .
Their current stadium is the City of Manchester Stadium .
Their divorce was granted in November 1954 .
Their duties were different depending on the court .
Their early works are usually seen as a type of Krautrock .
Their equipment was used on the Manx Electric Railway .
Their eyes are mounted on mobile stalks and constantly move about independently of each other .
Their fame continued after the war .
Their family was not Catholic .
Their final status has yet to be determined .
Their first mission is to eliminate terrorist attackers .
Their first world tour was in October 1998 .
Their flesh can be eaten as meat .
Their flight is slow and they are easy to approach .
Their fossil record goes back to the later Cambrian .
Their fossils occur in beds of both freshwater and marine environments .
Their frozen flesh has been analyzed for its DNA sequence .
Their full name is Deutscher Jagdterrier .
Their fur is usually brown with pale chest .
Their gardens were famous for melons and a variety of fruits .
Their gills are often in a form of feathery plumes on their backs .
Their hairy coat grows much longer in the winter and has an extra fluffy layer to hold the warmth .
Their hip structure was how they were separated into these orders .
Their home stadium is Tropicana Field .
Their idea was laughed at by scientists and doctors who did not believe that any bacteria could live in the acidic stomach .
Their immune system did not learn how to fight it well .
Their influences were not appreciated by local or Roman Church figures .
Their jokes evoke a lot of laugh .
Their keen eyes search constantly for small monkeys and other prey .
Their kidneys are much more efficient than human kidneys .
Their large wide hoofs are good in both wet areas and dry grassland .
Their latest album is Hawk Nelson Is My Friend .
Their leader is the Deacon .
Their length is 17 to 22 inches with an average of 19 inches .
Their life cycle is also similar .
Their life style is in dispute .
Their main function is to hold food firmly in order to tear it apart .
Their main method of hunting is stalk and pounce .
Their marriage failed .
Their method of respiration varies .
Their milk can be drunk and turned into cheese and yogurt .
Their most famous song was Mexican Radio .
Their music had a big influence on other new wave pop music bands .
Their name come from the name of the Kaizer Cheifs football club in South Africa .
Their name comes from the word for perch .
Their numbers were augmented by barbarian foederati who were permitted to settle within the imperial boundaries .
Their oil can be made into margarine and cooking oils .
Their order tells the computer what to do .
Their origin is probably the African Wildcat Felis silvestris lybica .
Their other albums include If Only You Were Lonely and The Silence in Black and White .
Their owner is Mark Cuban .
Their passion for fossils grew to be the main source of income for the family .
Their patent rights have been recognized for several centuries with the rise of paper mills .
Their policies are for the freedom to be homosexual and not be judged .
Their position is an invitation for the viewer to kneel down and worship the Virgin and Child as well .
Their psychology seems to be very similar to human psychology .
Their purpose was to advocate on behalf of those AIDs victims .
Their range does not extend to Madagascar .
Their recording was hampered by arguments between them as Marvin refused to stop smoking marijuana in the studio as Diana was then pregnant .
Their relationship was made official in April 2003 when Queen Margrethe publicly acknowledged their relationship .
Their religion was animist at first but now they are mostly Muslims .
Their resins and oils are defences againt herbivory and parasitism .
Their role is a mask .
Their roots do not go deep into the soil because there is nothing there for the plants to reach .
Their seeds are too big for other rainforest animals to carry .
Their seeds are used as a spice .
Their size and form differs among individuals .
Their skin can be used as leather .
Their skin is smooth and usually dark in color .
Their son Gottfried was born in 1933 and was a member of the German Bundestag between 1961 and 1983 .
Their son was Tupac Inca Yupanqui .
Their songs are more about being against everyone being the same than against religion or God .
Their songs were featured in various media .
Their spacing is normally 5 k to 10 k apart .
Their spoof music videos have been selected by Motorola China to promote mobile phones .
Their stadium when disbanded was Raymond James Stadium .
Their statements are often accompanied by behavior that is unusual for their family but appropriate for the life that the child claims to remember .
Their stems may also be thick to store water .
Their strategy was to hold both Thermopylae and Artemisium .
Their struggle for power with the king led to the English Civil War .
Their tails are about 120 c long .
Their task is to choose those who have died in the most heroic way in battle .
Their tents were also made from deer skins .
Their third album is Infinity On High .
Their trial on 19 August 1612 was one of a series of witch trials held over two days .
Their trident logo was probably created by an artist named Mario .
Their troops got to Hacienda Santa Rosa on March 19th .
Their tusks can also be used to cut holes in the ice .
Their two small daughters died in 1820 .
Their type of Christianity is also called Eastern Orthodoxy .
Their type of Islam is different to Sunni Muslims and Shia Muslims .
Their uniform is silver and blue with a blue star on their helmet .
Their usage was first predicted by Albert Einstein but they were not used until the 1960s .
Their videos were very famous in China .
Their windows also had no glass in them .
Their work was widely welcomed and improved .
Then Ali took control .
Then Argentina became a separate country from Spain in 1817 and set up a colony on the islands in 1820 .
Then Athens and Eretria had sent a force to support the cities of Ionia in their attempt to overthrow Persian rule .
Then Bowser helps out by bringing them to the bean bean kingdom .
Then Dee Dee said he was unable to sing while playing bass so Tommy got Joey to sing and then played drums himself leaving Dee Dee to backup sing .
Then Hwanung transformed himself into human being for a while and married her .
Then Lord Chesterfield wrote to Johnson saying that he hoped he would dedicate the dictionary to him .
Then Turkic language speakers took their place .
Then Yatsuhashi was born .
Then all people who are not immune may get sick .
Then an Arab army captured soldiers of the Chinese .
Then cadmium sulfide was used as a pigment in paint .
Then cattle is put on for grazing .
Then each species in the Genus is given its own name .
Then he accidentally dropped his pellet gun .
Then he asked his grandmother to sew some material on the end of each loop .
Then he asked the princess to throw her long pretty belt to him .
Then he began his long professional career .
Then he bored his friends by talking all the time about the paintings .
Then he entered the 2002 NBA Draft .
Then he fell into a coma .
Then he got a famous cellist to play the cello .
Then he got a very good job as choirmaster at Cambrai Cathedral .
Then he is not a base runner .
Then he launched a series of successful attacks upon the other countries of Europe .
Then he or she puts some green tea powder into the tea bowl .
Then he played little chess until he had qualified in law in April 1857 .
Then he traveled across Asia getting as far as Beijing .
Then he would ask the celebrities for their answers .
Then he would come home and write them down .
Then her true hit came with her third album Ya Salam in 2003 .
Then him and Adam Jones formed Tool .
Then is the canopy layer .
Then it could be reused .
Then it uses it when food becomes scarce .
Then it was reorganized by Domingo Franco and Andres Bonifacio .
Then part of the roof fell in and had to be replaced .
Then people are warned that they should not copy the invention .
Then rub hands under running water again and again to take off all soap .
Then she brought her arms around her .
Then she falls into a river and drowns .
Then she went to the Dwight School in New York for her second and third years of high school .
Then she worked in several social professions .
Then sled dogs took turns carrying the medicine to Nome .
Then the Opposition armed themselves .
Then the Romans left it after 260 .
Then the Second World War started and people got jobs again in the army and building guns for the army .
Then the batter is out .
Then the camel swallows the cud and it goes to the other parts of the stomach to be completely digested .
Then the character gets a turn to attack the player .
Then the contestant and the six celebrities would write their answer to the question on a piece of paper .
Then the contestant would choose one of those answers or make up their own .
Then the court will do something to make the winning party happy again .
Then the defending contestant would take the remaining question .
Then the guests leave .
Then the immune system can more easily recognize and destroy any of the microorganisms that it later encounters .
Then the normal processes of deposition and fossilisation produces strata containing exceptional fossils .
Then the pattern changed .
Then the person lights the paper roll with a flame and inhales the smoke that comes out .
Then the right and left hands swap round and there is a canon at the ninth .
Then the sea made the clay which is over the chalk .
Then the snake swallows the prey whole .
Then the sugar meets yeasts in Nuruk and there begins fermentation .
Then the vibrations from the strings are converted into an electronic signal which is sent with a metal cable to an electronic amplifier and a loudspeaker .
Then the witches disappear .
Then there are tags .
Then they change into a different form of Plasmodium .
Then they come out again in the evening and often eat dinner late at night .
Then they could pick which body part got scars from smallpox .
Then they look at the slide under a microscope .
Then they plant crops for food and to sell .
Theoretical particle physicists make theories that improve the Standard Model .
Theravada Buddhism came to the country in the 13th century via monks from Sri Lanka .
There Mamie and her three sisters grew in a big house .
There Maria met a man named Count Edelcrantz .
There a fight started between the Frisians and the Danes .
There almost everything in the landscape is caused by or connected with the pulling apart of Africa which is happening there .
There already was a church or a small group of houses .
There also exists a camelid hybrid called a Cama .
There are 10 million known carbon compounds .
There are 11 municipalities and 11 municipal districts in the province .
There are 12 players per team on the field during play .
There are 15 computers in the library which can be used by any of the students who need to do work .
There are 152 stations .
There are 16 Madeline books .
There are 16 teams .
There are 2 to 3 eggs in each set of eggs laid .
There are 20 families of damselfly .
There are 20 sports in the Summer Paralympic Games and there are five sports in the Winter Paralympic Games .
There are 26 different schooling systems .
There are 27 separate institutes and offices .
There are 282 days remaining .
There are 285 days remaining .
There are 291 days remaining until the end of the year .
There are 3 basic stages in painting .
There are 3 members in the band .
There are 3 seasons of CCS .
There are 30 different major league teams .
There are 300 stations .
There are 32 teams in the league .
There are 33 resorts and hotels on the Walt Disney World property .
There are 330 species of true parrots .
There are 334 species of living Australasian marsupials .
There are 340 800 people who live there .
There are 383 villages in Kars .
There are 4 steps in a proof by induction .
There are 5 metro lines and 62 stations .
There are 53 community centers .
There are 6 species of Natuilus that still exist .
There are 64 different talas for the Pung .
There are 68 parishes within the district .
There are 9 municipalities and 16 municipal districts in the province .
There are Natural sciences that study different parts of nature .
There are a few pale spots on the fore wing .
There are a few professional sports in Hamilton .
There are a large number of Christian churches in the city for its size .
There are a lot of fish markets in Sapporo .
There are a lot of oil and gas businesses in Calgary .
There are a lot of shops along the Gran Via .
There are a lot of stories and legends told about Captain Moonlight .
There are a lot of very big and important art museums in Madrid .
There are a lot of ways that use mathematics to make projections .
There are a many languages spoken in Singapore .
There are a number of different types of waste .
There are a number of other words that can be used in the place of the term sandwich .
There are a number of reasons that people build dams .
There are a number of shelters in this large outcrop linked by paths and stairways .
There are a very few ancient basilicas that were built on a place that was associated with Jesus .
There are a very large number of hairstyles .
There are a wide variety of designated camping sites throughout the Park .
There are about 100 different species of bananas .
There are about 12.5 million to 18 million people living in Lagos which makes it one of the biggest cities in Africa .
There are about 150 wineries in the Barossa Valley .
There are about 1800 species of earwigs .
There are about 20 000 people who live in the Barossa Valley .
There are about 20 species of bandicoots .
There are about 200 different species of Jasmine .
There are about 2000 people living on Langeoog .
There are about 250 million Eastern Orthodox in the world .
There are about 400 species .
There are about 5.6 million people speaking the Kashmiri language .
There are about 500 different species .
There are about 56 different species of rats .
There are about 6 million Catalan native speakers and about 10 million people who can speak Catalan .
There are about 700 people living in Kapingamarangi .
There are about 91 different genera .
There are about fifty different species of rabbits and hares .
There are about ten times as many bacterial cells as human cells in each of our bodies .
There are accessories and headdresses that go together with Hanbok .
There are also American crocodiles and some fishes as tilapia .
There are also Light Rail Transit in Kuala Lumpur .
There are also Taiwanese Aborigines who lived on Taiwan before the Han came to live there .
There are also a lot of toys made of Batman and other characters in the world where Batman lives .
There are also a number of books dealing with the Kurds in Turkey .
There are also about 50 other smaller macropods in the macropodidae family .
There are also beautiful buildings built by Russian emperors in other places of the city .
There are also black caracals .
There are also certain police car models of the Gallardo for certain countries like Italy and England .
There are also different types of units in each army .
There are also drivers that allow to map the game port to an USB device .
There are also genetic differences between men and women .
There are also hundreds of other sculptures and pictures .
There are also images of the Rainbow Serpent said to have created much of the landscape as well as mischievous Mimi spirits and the story of the Namarrgarn Sisters .
There are also known schools like Tendo ryu and Toda Ha Buko ryu .
There are also lecture theaters .
There are also listening stations and speaking booths to help students to improve their listening and speaking skills .
There are also many digital stations .
There are also many great parks .
There are also many valleys that are some of the biggest in the whole Greece .
There are also nine charter schools and 31 private schools in the county .
There are also other kinds of rice wine that are not the same as nihonshu .
There are also other religions that believe in stories of Samael .
There are also other types of magazines such as drum and helix that hold more bullets that a normal box magazine .
There are also other unusual symbols that can be found .
There are also other versions available .
There are also over 12000 species of insects .
There are also reports of attacks on women who refuse to veil themselves .
There are also series and parallel versions .
There are also several branch libraries in Japan .
There are also several private schools in all levels of education .
There are also small tables in trains and planes which we can fold or open .
There are also some words which are special for particular feast days .
There are also sources originating from the documentation of the Ustase themselves and of the Vatican .
There are also special awards for lifetime achievement in the field .
There are also subfamilies and superfamilies .
There are also two smaller works for piano solo .
There are also very big and powerful tanks called super heavy tanks .
There are also woods and a farm near the houses .
There are ants everywhere .
There are approximately 3 million Hindus living in Pakistan .
There are approximately 35 students per class .
There are at least 36 species of Dahlia .
There are beautiful scenic woodlands and forests in the central and northern regions and parklands with lakes for fishing .
There are between 100 and 200 species of Maples .
There are between three and twenty tiers to a bunch .
There are big deposits of bauxite along the west or Gulf of Carpentaria coast .
There are big limestone caves near Castleton .
There are both modern and old buildings in Katowice .
There are both working and old gold mines in the mountains .
There are certain drugs that can treat the effects of narcolepsy .
There are certain economic indicators that can be calculated to compare the social and economic situation of different countries .
There are currently 54 first language Manx speakers .
There are currently four lines .
There are different base layouts for bastides .
There are different kinds of canon .
There are different kinds of games .
There are different levels of mania .
There are different opinions on which of the three people are most responsible for Wikipedia .
There are different questions that need to be discussed .
There are different reasons why people use masks .
There are different systems for telling paper size .
There are different types of backup systems that use different kinds of media .
There are different types of ladders .
There are different types of pangolin .
There are different views about the time the Ramayana was written .
There are different ways how to represent the data .
There are different ways of proving a mathematical theorem .
There are different ways to achieve this .
There are different ways to write mathematics on a calculator .
There are different words for people who support capitalism .
There are doctors who specialize in pain management .
There are dozens of languages spoken in Iran .
There are eight characters of each weight class .
There are eight main islands and many small islands and atolls .
There are eight municipalities and six municipal districts in the province .
There are eight species .
There are eight things that can be done here .
There are eight thoracic segments .
There are eighteen universities in Santo Domingo .
There are eighteen volumes total .
There are fashions for clothing .
There are fashions for ideas .
There are fashions in many types of human activity and ways of thinking .
There are fewer Bass players than traditional guitar players .
There are fish in the lake that only exist here and nowhere else in the world .
There are five different species of Hawks in the United states and several more around the world .
There are five levels .
There are five municipalities and four municipal districts in the province .
There are four angel figures in the corners of the organ case .
There are four castes in this system .
There are four floors .
There are four main features of the physical geography .
There are four newspapers in Nassau County .
There are four operational commands .
There are galaxies of different sizes .
There are general guidelines to know what category a company is in .
There are good schools in Bamberg including 8 Gymnasien .
There are grenades that contain tear gas .
There are groups that try to make sure there is no dangerous radon in houses .
There are hundreds of different Hasidic groups .
There are inorganic macromolecules based on other monomers .
There are large earthquakes and small earthquakes .
There are legal differences from being fired .
There are legends that say that she rode naked through the streets of Coventry in England .
There are local handicrafts for sale .
There are lots of arguments about the origin of this dog .
There are lots of cycle paths in Cardiff on and off the road .
There are lots of different groups of Space Marines .
There are lots of different kinds of cancers .
There are lots of different kinds of taxes .
There are lots of different places the player can go to .
There are lots of new lines being built .
There are lots of sculptures in the cathedral .
There are lots of smaller towns and villages around Cambridge .
There are magazines printed about many things .
There are manual and electric hacksaws .
There are many National Parks in the world .
There are many amateur sports in Hamilton .
There are many ancient basilicas which were built on the place where a saint was buried .
There are many cargo cults in Melanesia and New Guinea .
There are many catalysts in our body which play an important part in many biochemical reactions .
There are many coups in banana republics .
There are many dangers with having sex .
There are many different haka .
There are many different kinds of banana bread .
There are many different kinds of farms around Parkes .
There are many different kinds of harps .
There are many different kinds of salmon .
There are many different names for different kinds of sailing boats with different kinds of sails .
There are many different restaurants with all kinds of food .
There are many different types of car washes .
There are many different types of cat food .
There are many different types of gas compressors .
There are many different types of laboratory flasks .
There are many different types of multiplayer games .
There are many different types of sandwich that can be enjoyed by people when eating .
There are many different types of watermelon .
There are many different varieties of dango which are usually named after the various seasonings served on or with it .
There are many different waveforms .
There are many different ways that energy can travel through space in this way .
There are many earthquakes in California .
There are many earthquakes in the area .
There are many events in a year at KUIS .
There are many exhibits of famous planes or spacecraft at the museum .
There are many false prophets in the Bible .
There are many famous Barbadian British people including footballer Ashley Cole .
There are many hotels by the lake .
There are many important characters in this game other than Gordon Freeman .
There are many islands in the group but the two biggest are East Falkland and West Falkland .
There are many kinds of cakes .
There are many kinds of lenses .
There are many kinds of marine animals and plants to study .
There are many kinds of saw .
There are many kinds of tatamiberi .
There are many magazines for people who like trains .
There are many marathons held all over the world each year .
There are many martial arts that come from certain countries .
There are many milk substitutes .
There are many more things in common between languages .
There are many more things that other people eat but these are the basic American ones .
There are many mythological stories about Ganesha .
There are many often used salad dressings in North America .
There are many old stories about the life of the Buddha .
There are many opinions about what places exactly belong to Karelia .
There are many other sights to see in Madrid .
There are many others like Captain Napalm .
There are many paintings in the castle .
There are many people who disagree with the building work .
There are many places in the world of EarthBound .
There are many places very close to the Mall .
There are many popular culture items about Santa .
There are many posters and many toys about CCS .
There are many practical uses for masks in everyday life .
There are many reasons in math why Tau could be useful or helpful .
There are many restaurants that serve seafood in Galicia .
There are many rituals and beliefs associated with basil .
There are many rivers and creeks but all are very short because the mountains get very close to the coast .
There are many rooms in the castle .
There are many schools in Cary .
There are many side valleys off the main valley .
There are many skyscrapers in the City .
There are many software applications that feature virtual crossfaders .
There are many songs and poems about the life of Jack Donahue .
There are many species of caracals .
There are many stalls outside .
There are many statues around Parliament Hill including many former Prime Ministers and 5 famous women who helped women gain equal rights in Canada .
There are many stories about the song and how it was written .
There are many such groups of words .
There are many techniques which can achieve hardening .
There are many temples built all over India to honor Sai Baba of Shirdi .
There are many temples in Maharashtra and some of them are very old .
There are many temples in the city .
There are many temples in the lands of Tamil people .
There are many themes in these stories from different times in the past .
There are many things that can affect the stock price .
There are many traditions in pantomime .
There are many tribes of people who have lived in the rainforests for thousands of years .
There are many trips daily served by as much as 6 ferries .
There are many types and colors of paint to chose from .
There are many types of basketball .
There are many types of filling that can be placed within a sandwich .
There are many types of gambling .
There are many types of gardens .
There are many types of hats .
There are many types of magma .
There are many types of martial arts .
There are many valleys like this in hills and mountains all over the world .
There are many variations of Labradoodles with the F1b being the most common and was created by St. Clair Labradoodle Kennelsby crossing an F1 Labradoodle back to a poodle .
There are many vegetables and other fare that are often added to green salad .
There are many versions of the folk tale .
There are many vineyards there .
There are many waterparks in Southern Europe where the climate suits a long season .
There are many ways in which a male can choose to masturbate .
There are many ways in which the figure of Pandora can be interpreted .
There are many ways of having safe sex .
There are many ways to conduct a good vector control .
There are many ways to do a vaginoplasty .
There are many words which have them same meaning as carousel .
There are methods to make even very curly hair straighter .
There are more individual bacteria than any other sort of organism on the planet .
There are more planned .
There are more speakers of indigenous languages in this state than in any other state of Mexico .
There are more than 1000 different species of tardigrade .
There are more than 350 areas in the National Park System .
There are more than 5000 recorded art sites showing Aboriginal culture over thousands of years .
There are more than twelve genera in five families .
There are more women than men .
There are mountains on its western and southern sides .
There are multiple families in each order .
There are nine regions of England .
There are no cities in Warwickshire since both Coventry and Birmingham were incorporated into the West Midlands county in 1974 .
There are no known health risks of masturbation .
There are no mentions of their professional partners .
There are no mountains or hills in the city .
There are no pyramids near the palace .
There are no scheduled air services between Jabiru and Darwin however .
There are no sedimentary rocks from the Hadean at all .
There are no snakes in Ireland but there is a legend that at the time of Saint Patrick there were lots of snakes and he chased them all into the Irish Sea .
There are normal labs for Science lessons and special labs for people to do researchTh .
There are normally three eggs in a nestling .
There are not many rivers in this province .
There are not very many gargoyles made today .
There are not very many native Esperanto speakers .
There are not very many places to pass .
There are now 159 nations that have agreed to the convention .
There are now quite a number of examples of natural selection in natural populations .
There are numerous island species .
There are often big meals enjoyed together by lots of Muslims . .
There are often floods because of these two rivers .
There are often historic documents written about them .
There are often pictures of red deer found from this area of Spain .
There are one million nanometers in a millimeter .
There are only a few low hills in the province and almost all the land is flat .
There are other countries within the mountain range .
There are other definitions as well .
There are other facilities like skating rinks and the Malkin Athletic Center where students can swim and exercise .
There are other systems of dance regulated by national bodies .
There are other tests to diagnose malaria .
There are other uninhabited islands nearby .
There are over 200 of them .
There are over 300 varieties of oak trees .
There are over 70 different flavors worldwide .
There are over a dozen with the name of sardine .
There are people in the real world who like to dress and behave like a vampire .
There are pictures of the surface of Mars that were sent back to Earth by some of these probes .
There are portraits of English Kings and Queens as well as of members of the family who owned the castle .
There are primary schools almost in every village .
There are private art galleries in many cities around the world .
There are quite a number of reference books on cats .
There are regular train services to London and Brighton .
There are rumors of a tunnel running from the bunker to an unknown location .
There are seven books total in the series .
There are seven main islands .
There are seven municipalities and eight municipal districts in the province .
There are seven pedals to let the harp player play songs in different musical keys .
There are several Leonese language writers that were born in this municipality .
There are several chalices that are claimed to be the Holy Grail spread over the world .
There are several churches that are popular to visit .
There are several colossal statues including the figure of Pinedjem I which is 10.5 meters tall .
There are several differences between both positions though .
There are several different kinds of saxophone .
There are several dolmens scattered around the area .
There are several hotels .
There are several important international airports in Japan .
There are several important rivers that flow through the territory of the province .
There are several kinds of Hanbok .
There are several large rock overhangs that would have provided excellent shelter to Aboriginal people over thousands of years .
There are several major industrial projects being built .
There are several people from Garhi Yasin who are well known .
There are several reasons why people continue to use Latin .
There are several reasons why people join gangs .
There are several rivers running through the Sahara .
There are several theories for the origin of the name parmigiana .
There are several things called Naruto .
There are several things that can cause a larynx to not function properly .
There are several tunnels on the way .
There are several types of vaccines currently in use .
There are several word styles in calligraphy .
There are similar recorded Middle Eastern events .
There are six abdominal segments .
There are six blocks in RI .
There are six characters players can choose from in Cabal Online .
There are six different types of quarks .
There are six living species of camelids .
There are six municipalities and two municipal districts in the province .
There are six provinces in Vanuatu .
There are skulls hidden through the levels .
There are small amounts of rainfall and the summer temperature is very high .
There are so many different parades and kinds of celebrations .
There are sofas and desks so students can study by themselves or read books .
There are some basketball terms which players have to understand when playing the game .
There are some classic perfumes that use castor .
There are some common causes to data loss .
There are some fruit orchards and some small mixed farms .
There are some individual menhirs and at least one other formation which do not fit into the above categories .
There are some low mountains in the northern part of the province .
There are some matrices that are special .
There are some notable specific forms of the magnetic field .
There are some other linguistic patterns .
There are some rainforests in the mountains .
There are some records about it .
There are some serious problems concerning the rainforests that need to be fixed .
There are some sexual differences between a man and a woman .
There are some theories about how belts came to be .
There are some things that can be causes or triggers of different types of cancer .
There are some things that still need to get better .
There are some times when people die after they are shot with a taser .
There are special communication protocols that allow cache managers to talk to each other to keep the data meaningful .
There are special machines that allow to make soda water at home .
There are special machines that people can use to make water into steam and use it to remove wallpaper .
There are special sieves available for this purpose .
There are specific rituals that the maibis follow during the festival .
There are still about 6 million of them .
There are still differences between eastern and western Berlin .
There are still mining companies with sites in the local area .
There are such things as Haunted Hayrides .
There are thousands of different kinds of orchids in the rainforest .
There are three big islands in the lake .
There are three cantons in the province .
There are three categories of education and training that a MB will undergo .
There are three different ways to count the number of people in Hamilton .
There are three for each of the 32 wards .
There are three lines which join up in Manchester city center .
There are three main pairs of salivary glands .
There are three main theories of naginata appearance as a weapon .
There are three manatee species .
There are three mountain ranges in the area .
There are three municipalities and four municipal districts in the province .
There are three municipalities and ten municipal districts in the province .
There are three municipalities and three municipal districts in the province .
There are three municipalities and two municipal districts in the province .
There are three municipalities in the province .
There are three railway tracks at the station .
There are three rules that all determinants follow .
There are three scenes from the story .
There are three types of gallon still in use .
There are three types of special boxes .
There are three types of wallaroo .
There are three variables common to all gambling .
There are two Fallopian tubes attached to either side of the end of the uterus .
There are two Fallopian tubes attached to either side of the uterus .
There are two basic forms of these allergies .
There are two blue bands on the top and the bottom .
There are two bridges connecting the two islands .
There are two common approaches in the field of nanotechnology .
There are two different types of calculus .
There are two distinct group types in mandrill society .
There are two educational Mario games that have been made .
There are two kinds of hadrons .
There are two living species of camels .
There are two main roads in the province .
There are two main zones in the upper mantle .
There are two modes of fighting .
There are two of these ducts .
There are two other systems used to write in Japanese .
There are two pairs of gills .
There are two parts in the Pact .
There are two popular ways to pasteurize milk .
There are two reasons not to be worried .
There are two reasons why hagfish do this .
There are two separate basins in the lake .
There are two things remarkable about the pictures .
There are two types of epithelial cells in salivary glands .
There are two universites in the City of Manchester .
There are two ways to grow wasabi .
There are two ways to say that 1729 is the sum of two cubes .
There are various kinds of dishes made with mandu .
There are versions of the board that are made from paper to make it portable .
There are very little details known about his life .
There are ways to get rid of hazardous things .
There became fewer and fewer Manx speakers during the 19th century and the language was replaced by English .
There crude oil and methane leak out of the ocean floor .
There deaths were put into the story of when two tennis players died in a plane crash when going home from a tennis match .
There few kinds of plants and animals on San Nicolas Island .
There had also been a rivalry between Saddam and Khomeini since the 1970s .
There has been Paralympians who have participated in the Olympic Games .
There has been a few TV shows and a film for the Mario series .
There has been a lot of discussion about the future of nanotechnology and its dangers .
There has been a lot of uncertainty about what would happen after Wolfgang retired .
There has been a lot of work done to Carrow Road since 1935 .
There has been no tectonic activity for millions of years .
There have also been Mario toys sold in some places .
There have also been concerns about the effect of visitors on the site .
There have also been several comic books and novels written based on the story of the play .
There have been different types of jazz over the year .
There have been four arenas with the name Madison Square Garden .
There have been many books written about him .
There have been many changes to it since itwas completed in 1978 .
There have been many movies made of the play .
There have been many other dolls like Barbie since Barbie was first produced .
There have been more series based on the original Mario series .
There have been reported attacks on people and animals by cassowaries .
There have been several firsts in the Paralympic movement .
There have been various film and television versions of Nancy Drew .
There he became very interested in the music of Bach while studying for his Doctorate
There he competed in the British Formula Opel Championship with the Nemesis Motorsport team .
There he conducted the Vienna State Opera and the Vienna Philharmonic .
There he learns about his parents and his connection to the Dark Lord .
There he performed some modern music and met important people such as the music critic and philosopher Theodor Adorno .
There he played for Red Bull Salzburg .
There he reached the Austrian championship two times and played three seasons in the UEFA Champions League .
There he served as a coach for army athletics until receiving an honorable discharge in November 1944 .
There he studied drawing and grand manner styles .
There he studied under famous teachers including Boieldieu .
There he tried for a career as running back for the Los Angeles Bulldogs of the Pacific Coast Football League .
There is a French version as well as an Italian version of this opera .
There is a NATO base on the island .
There is a Namco Museum Remix for the Wii .
There is a University in Bamberg .
There is a band made up of square shaped spots in the center of the hind wing .
There is a band of red spots on the hind wing .
There is a bar at the top of the screen .
There is a basic difference between drawing and painting .
There is a beautiful Nativity altar in the south transept made in limewood by the famous artist Veit Stoss .
There is a breed of rabbit which very closely resembles the hare .
There is a bridge across the river and the Haitian city of Ouanaminthe is near the western side of the river .
There is a bust of the Empress in the main entrance hall .
There is a constellation called Cassiopeia named after her .
There is a controversy over whether it should be used as a glaze .
There is a dance that goes with Bambuco music .
There is a different Scottish edition of the newspaper which is sold in Scotland only and differs mainly in the Sport pages .
There is a dispute over the territory of Jammu and Kashmir .
There is a faint white line that runs down the center of both wings .
There is a fence running down the center of the spit to prevent people from wandering and falling into any deep parts of the salt marshes that have accumulated on the inside of the spit .
There is a festival every year in June .
There is a flash of lightning and a crash of thunder .
There is a fleshy part inside .
There is a highway under construction which will connect it with Aswan in Egypt and via Dongola with Khartoum .
There is a lake for swans in the park .
There is a large funding gap between Olympic and Paralympic athletes .
There is a large range of paper handkerchieves or tissues .
There is a large variety of music .
There is a legend that he stopped the fighting in England and made peace .
There is a limestone cliff that runs through the city .
There is a little airport called Airport Muchowiec .
There is a lot of pollution in the Ganges because everyone releases their waste into the Ganges .
There is a narrow paved road that follows the 8 miles of shoreline .
There is a new theater in the town center which is named after him .
There is a old cisercian abbey at the place .
There is a picture down on the bottom right that shows this .
There is a popular legend that Benjamin Franklin once supported the Wild Turkey as a symbol of the United States instead of the Bald Eagle .
There is a possibility that all of the Ripper Letters were written by journalists trying to keep up the hype of the Whitechapel Street murders .
There is a private school called Lancing College here .
There is a radio station and a meteorological station on the island .
There is a railway station in the village called Nailsea and Backwell .
There is a red band that is twice the height of each blue band .
There is a service station on the A1 called Baldock service station .
There is a small airport for light aircraft .
There is a small pale yellow spot near the tip of the fore wing .
There is a small park at the end of Taylor Street .
There is a spring of water dedicated to him there .
There is a stand named after Barclay in the modern stadium .
There is a statue of Wallace on the town church .
There is a story about Valmiki .
There is a story about this in Hindu scriptures .
There is a strict division between Mandaean laity and the priests .
There is a string which passes through small holes in the shells .
There is a surgery called vasectomy that is a method of contraception .
There is a thin papery outer shell and small black seeds .
There is a thriving and well integrated English community established over twenty years .
There is a total of 500 points available to a player .
There is a train every ten minutes .
There is a vaccine against it .
There is a very large platform so that everyone in the audience can see well .
There is a windmill being worked on by lots of local volunteers to try and get it back to working condition again as it was completely ruined .
There is about eighteen hundred people living there .
There is also U.S. President James A. Garfield .
There is also a 19th section named Harivamsha .
There is also a Asian minority and Arabs .
There is also a East Indian minority on the island and chinese and other ethnic groups .
There is also a XVth century castle that you can visit .
There is also a castle near the city .
There is also a centennial flame that was lit when Canada turned 100 years old .
There is also a city made of Ghouls called Underworld which is an old museum .
There is also a form of treatment that can be done once a person has been bitten .
There is also a little airfield on Langeoog .
There is also a lot of white sandy beaches and hot sun there .
There is also a new Interpretive Centre from which information on the rock art and local culture is available and tours can be arranged .
There is also a popular series of books by Anne Rice about vampires .
There is also a possibility of oil exploration in Zanzibar on the island of Pemba .
There is also a university in the city .
There is also an English Kalevala .
There is also an adjacent international bus station also called Barcelona Sants .
There is also an asteroid called 74 Galatea .
There is also oil and gas outside the sea area that belongs to the UK .
There is also the Java programming language for computers .
There is also the smaller settlement of Mansfield Woodhouse to the North .
There is always progress in finding treatment .
There is an amateur part of the Cyclassics .
There is an elevator to lift the piano on and off the stage and many other useful modern devices .
There is an elevator which takes people to the top .
There is another bunker in Bankstown .
There is another problem with these fermented products .
There is another sport called softball that is similar and is often played by women .
There is controversy about that period .
There is enough food in each egg to last 21 days .
There is evidence of some contact between Macassan culture and Aboriginal people of the Kakadu area .
There is evidence that the movement in the ciliar slows down with age .
There is exactly one identity matrix for each square dimension set .
There is less rain than in other parts of Germany .
There is little space in the circuit to make changes to improve passing .
There is moist canned food and also dry cat food which comes in different sized cans or bags and formulas .
There is much woodland on its lower slopes .
There is no Nobel prize in mathematics .
There is no advertisement in the networks .
There is no cure for Rabies .
There is no cure for cancer .
There is no cure for it .
There is no cure for lactose intolerance .
There is no cure for this disease but there are different treatments available .
There is no date on the letter .
There is no evidence that Saint Patrick owned the bell but the Irish have believed the bell belonged to Saint Patrick for 1400 years .
There is no evidence that the Long Count ends on 13.0.0.0.0 or that the Maya believed that this would be the date of the apocalypse .
There is no evidence that the Macassans spent time on the coast of Kakadu .
There is no fixed set of religious creeds and doctrines .
There is no industrial activity in Nazimiye .
There is no official definition of the exact cutoffs .
There is no parking allowed in the beautiful Domplatz except on Sundays .
There is no proof to the claim that it stems from a country other than India .
There is no suspension .
There is no train station .
There is not a lot of rainfall in the City .
There is not any important tributary in the lower part .
There is now 1 school that teaches all of its lessons in Manx .
There is now a democratic government .
There is now an Antietam Memorial Illumination sponsored by volunteers .
There is often a party afterward called a reception .
There is often a poffertje stall at Dutch markets .
There is one main street that links the two gates .
There is one other story .
There is one other type of important painting style .
There is one peg for each string on the harp .
There is one postgraduate college for males called Faridia Degree College and one women degree college as well .
There is one text known as Comma Johanneum which may be an exception to this .
There is only a few vegetation on it .
There is only one other place in Africa where such an airplane can land .
There is only one special flag or lucky flag .
There is only one way of belief for Catholics who want to be with the pope .
There is over hundred year effort to provide various ways to get good pictures .
There is some discussion between professionals and other interested parties as to the existence or validity of sexual addictions .
There is some proof that Austen continued to work on these pieces later in life .
There is still a burial plaque in the rebuilt church .
There is the General Office and Staff Rooms .
There is uncertainity in the predicted results .
There is usually different sorts in every country .
There is usually one calf per birth .
There is very little information about Mazdakism .
There is very little light and no breeze because they are blocked out by the canopy .
There may also be another stone circle to the north .
There may also be special instructions .
There may be as few as 100 Yak left in the wild .
There may be several larval stages before the adult form .
There may not be room in the sheleters .
There must be no lumps left in the liquid .
There period is called Cubism because he often painted cubes .
There seems to have been no plan when these bastides were built .
There she attracted the attention of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom .
There she enjoyed flight traing so much that it became a favorite hobby .
There she finds Patina .
There she gave birth to her first baby .
There she met Abraham Lincoln .
There she slipped in her hotel room and had to undergo treatment in a hospital .
There stand two large gravestones of Samson and his father Manoah .
There the matter rests for the time being .
There the stories collide .
There the trunk of the banana plant is harvested instead .
There they begin to reproduce and spread while using the human body as a source of their own nutrients and energy .
There they lived in a country home .
There was a clear distinction between free warren and domestic warren .
There was a collision between Gilles Villeneuve and Ronnie Peterson in the race .
There was a competition to design the new capital city of Australia .
There was a coup in Mali in 1968 .
There was a fire at Hampton Court in 1986 .
There was a gap of only about 100 m between the woods and the swampland at the edge of the Great Bog .
There was a historic blizzard around Groundhog Day 2011 .
There was a large increase in the number of convicts sent to Australia while Macquaire was governor .
There was a large market on one side of the Mall .
There was a lot of disease in the trenches .
There was a music video that was planned to be made .
There was a new stage and lots more room behind the stage .
There was a problem to be solved in the minds of some art historians .
There was a problem with the material though .
There was a race called the Marathon there .
There was a second edition in 1511 .
There was a second period when taifas developed .
There was a settlement since the 4th century before Christ .
There was a strong central absolute monarchy that did not exist in the South of France .
There was a struggle between Donald Regan and the First Lady .
There was a time called the Classic period declination .
There was also a Studebaker car factory in Hamilton until 1966 .
There was also a military action in the region to capture maroons .
There was also a small station at Parkes Racecourse from 1923 to 1937 .
There was also an enclosed sacred lake where the priests and patients would bath in order to heal themselves and become pure .
There was also an extra group of 32 grenadiers from one of the Swiss mercenary regiments brought to Paris by the King shortly before 14 July .
There was also controversy she attempted to introduce a poll tax into Britain .
There was also no freedom to do many different things when the Red Guards were running the country .
There was always a small stress on the second beat of the bar .
There was an argument for half an hour .
There was an army from Persia that came to fight the army from Athens .
There was an element naming controversy .
There was an entry about Malmeneich on the Hessian television in 2002 .
There was another woman called Cassiopeia in Greek mythology who was married to a king called Phoenix .
There was criticism of that .
There was extreme cold west of the blizzard .
There was fighting between Southerners and Northerners in Kansas .
There was less fighting .
There was much controversy about the title of the song .
There was no cure for the Disease the insects gave to the people .
There was no music at all at his funeral .
There was no organ music at his funeral .
There was not a hill in the whole district .
There was sacred treasure hidden in two underground rooms near the sanctuary .
There was sickness on board and 600 passengers and crew died and some say pirates attacked .
There was still much racism and African Americans were not treated fairly .
There was trench warfare until an evacuation of all Allied troops was finally ordered .
There was usually one card for each employee .
There were 12 summer fish camps on the Yukon River between the Koyukuk River and the Nowitna River .
There were 14 members when Bach joined .
There were 256 British deaths .
There were 764 cars built by Lamborghini .
There were 8 Austen children .
There were a few women who were samurai .
There were a lot of arguments within the Wagner family .
There were a series of ice ages .
There were also many large hearths at this time .
There were also other films made of her playing .
There were also people who had for printed or written things against the government or the King . .
There were also several programs designed for the computer and a battery pack for providing energy .
There were also some foreign orchestras .
There were also some mice .
There were attempts to mutiny in 1915 and the Lahore conspiracy trials were still in public attention .
There were black and white parts of towns and cities .
There were clear rules how houses could be built in the bastide .
There were concerns that sand would blow onto the track and disrupt the race .
There were elephants as well as ground infantry .
There were fights between the Wautharong people and white farmers during settlement .
There were hardly any guns at that time in India and Babur had managed to get hold of some in Kabul .
There were hundreds of thousands of casualties .
There were in total 663 or 683 people from 37 nations on board the 6 ships in the civilian flotilla .
There were many cases of fighting between the PLO and the Israeli army .
There were many letters and books written about the argument .
There were many other notable Tamil saints .
There were many other parties with similar ideas then .
There were many riots because of this .
There were many saints known as Alvars and Nayanars .
There were many sequels and remakes based on the game .
There were ninety and nine that safely lay In the shelter of the fold .
There were no towns in Jackson County when it was formed .
There were only 50 cars that were produced .
There were only a limited number of lots .
There were over 100 other men there .
There were probably areas where Maya culture overlapped with other culures .
There were protests and riots .
There were protests at his concerts and they were not allowed to play in some cities .
There were refurbishing works from 1964 to 1974 .
There were several long droughts there over the last hundred years .
There were several sugar factories with slaves .
There were some migrants from Austronesia searching for a new life on this island on developed their skills in areas like Agriculture to develop .
There were some paper makers among the captured soldiers .
There were three bids submitted with the sucsefull bidder being the commercial company Cambrian Transport who have been the councils railway adviser and contractor since the the Barry Railway Project started .
There were three legions working on it and in 10 years it was nearly finished .
There were twelve episodes of Fawlty Towers made .
There were two courtyards inside and houses against the walls .
There were two different entrances to get inside the bunker .
There were two games .
There were two manga released for it .
There were warning flags displayed .
There will also be two circular theaters for people to speak or perform .
There will be another airport in Doha in short time .
There will be at least 99 stops .
There will be easy access to public transport throughout the site including dedicated business routes .
There will be new transport within walking distance of the new town center .
There will just not be as much of that disease around to get .
Thereafter it was allegedly seen several times by navigators who claimed its discovery and renamed it .
Therefore 3 !
Therefore a good way of eating today would be like how people ate then .
Therefore activists and crewmembers used gasmasks .
Therefore aphids are said to undergo cyclical parthenogenesis .
Therefore he was installed temporarily as regent though Godwin the Earl of Wessex and the Queen were against it .
Therefore in most styles the boat can roll upright again without it filling with water or ejecting the paddler .
Therefore it came to be said so .
Therefore most families had only small farms and were poor .
Therefore the barometer is important for meteorologists .
Therefore the name of an actor is passes to the next generation .
Therefore they barely could sin at all .
These Aramaics are not Arab but have actually dwelled in Syria thousands of years before the Arabs came along .
These Buddhists use to drink from the same bowl as a sacrament .
These Canons introduced the Five Points of Calvinism .
These Catholic monarchists believed the image would protect them against wounding by the enemy firearms .
These Italian ballets were further developed in France .
These Mandu are usually served with dipping soy sauce mixed with vinegar .
These Saints have sworn to defend the reincarnation of the Greek goddess Athena in her battle against the other Olympian gods who want to dominate Earth .
These Spanish translations influenced many leading figures of Spanish literature .
These abilities are necessary for the real combat .
These academic units are located across Mexico .
These added Wales to England .
These all are the five Panadavas .
These and other books have made the story of the rapture and the tribulation popular .
These animals are called vagrants .
These animals helped Charles Darwin make his theory of Natural Selection when he visited the islands in 1835 .
These are
These are Cities in the Federal Republic of Germany .
These are Davidson Fellows and make good contributions to society .
These are Mickey Mouse universe characters .
These are Piccadilly and Victoria .
These are Professional wrestlers from Japan .
These are a rare coins as they are not made of metal .
These are all Spanish names .
These are all set in the world of Earthsea
These are also attributed to Cristobal Balenciaga or John Bates .
These are also known as the Gateway to Europe .
These are articles about Psychology .
These are articles about ice hockey players who play or have played in the National Hockey League .
These are articles about ice hockey players who play or have played in the National Hockey League for the Chicago Black Hawks or the Chicago Blackhawks .
These are articles about ice hockey players who play or have played in the National Hockey League for the Minnesota Wild .
These are articles about ice hockey players who play or have played in the National Hockey League for the New York Islanders .
These are articles about ice hockey players who play or have played in the National Hockey League for the Vancouver Canucks .
These are articles about ice hockey players who play or have played in the National Hockey League for the Washington Capitals .
These are basically love stories .
These are bony fishes with paired rounded fins .
These are called Hackintosh .
These are called community radio stations .
These are called enzymes .
These are called hairless rats .
These are called model railways .
These are called newts .
These are called weather balloons .
These are chemicals that kill the mosquito .
These are database systems that organized by things on a map instead of named records .
These are deposits known for the exceptional preservation of fine details .
These are dressed in costume .
These are economists in the United States .
These are fixed onto something .
These are free of any entry charge .
These are from any team .
These are home to about 3300 species of flowering plants .
These are ice hockey players who play or have played for the Montreal Canadiens team .
These are important for preventing erosion of the coast .
These are in a solution of hydrofluoric acid .
These are inventors .
These are joined by a small part of river in Constance .
These are just some of the strange situations in which Marge has found herself .
These are known as coherency protocols .
These are lists of buildings and structures .
These are lists of communes of France .
These are lists of people of a particular sport .
These are lists of railway stations .
These are made for the following groups of people
These are made over thousands of years by water dripping on them and leaving mineral deposits .
These are more expensive .
These are normally stored in tables .
These are only a few of the animals and plants in the rainforest .
These are openings where calcium ions can enter the cell .
These are pages about Fashion .
These are people who practice or have practiced Judaism .
These are players that play in the National Basketball Association .
These are presumably from Gastornis .
These are regions of the chromosome that are important in preserving genetic information .
These are related to giant tube worms .
These are separated by a ridge .
These are sometimes said to symbolise the four Vedas .
These are the Nancy Drew Games that were made by Her Interactive .
These are the countries of Europe .
These are the four notes that Bach often uses to represent his name .
These are the particles which make atoms .
These are the remains of volcanic activity in the carboniferous period .
These are the towns in the state of Texas in the United States .
These are the words of the service which are the same every day .
These are theorems and conjectures that have greatly changed mathematics .
These are used to control riots .
These are usually called protocarnivorous plants .
These are usually large areas of land .
These are usually numbered .
These are usually used for continuous operation in commercial and industrial applications and may be either stationary or portable .
These are villages in the country of Scotland .
These are words that may change in the service from day to day .
These areas form microclimates for plants and animals and often serve as a refuge during the dry season .
These articles are about English words for family members .
These articles are about Reptiles .
These articles are about animals of the mammal superorder Xenarthra .
These articles are about animals of the order Cetacea .
These articles are about animals of the order Lagomorpha .
These articles are about encyclopedias .
These attacks continued into the 18th century .
These auditions take place in the autumn in several towns in Britain .
These balloons are sometimes made to look like animals .
These banana shoots produce fibers of varying degrees of softness .
These bands include Nine Inch Nails and Tenacious D.
These behaviors can cause stress in everyday life .
These benefits are present even if the buffered data are written to the buffer once and read from the buffer once .
These birds will spread the seeds .
These blood cells contain a chemical called bilirubin .
These bombs did not actually have napalm in them .
These books are not listed here .
These cameras usually cover an area of 4x5 inches or more .
These can be abilities that work while in battle or when the player is just walking around .
These can be saved and planted the following year .
These can bring heavy localized snowfalls .
These can grow to up to 40 c in length .
These can have fountains or picnic areas .
These can not be seen from a distance .
These can oxidise sulfides .
These can provide a relatively anonymous forum where people who are geographically close but in totally separate work and social circles can make contact .
These cases rarely receive the attention and resources we see given to other missing persons .
These categories apply to both Summer and Winter Paralympics .
These categories are for religious leaders and people well known for their religious beliefs .
These categories are further broken down which vary from sport to sport .
These categories list albums by the year in which they were released .
These cats had enlarged canines usually associated with the name saber tooth .
These caves usually also do not show signs that people lived there all year round .
These cells are able to go into other tissues .
These changes are usually done to either make a language simpler to understand or to write .
These changes were introduced after the Second Vatican Council .
These characteristics were meant to show the unpredictability of air and the peaceful nature of Airbenders in the show .
These characters are traditional to Brussels .
These cities often fought each other for control of land .
These clouds get heavier and it eventually rains .
These colors are especially interesting to airplane passengers or astronauts passing above due to their somewhat artistic formations of shape and color .
These come in many different flavors and costs are often very small .
These compounds help the organism survive stress of osmosis .
These conditions are defined supposing that the read and write operations are made instantaneously .
These cost more money than DDT .
These could be shot at other ships from a great distance .
These countries are the land of Kalevala and land of Pohjola .
These crashes started changes at other Formula One circuits .
These creatures did neither ...
These cultures and the Maya probably influenced one another .
These cycles are one of the main causes of climate change .
These damage parts of the skin which do not have pain receptors .
These data are measured through spectrophotometry reports at certified testing laboratories worldwide .
These days her singing takes a back seat .
These depended on the exact way acquisition was made .
These developments brought the two groups of the Tamil people of Sri Lanka closer .
These differences eventually led to Civil war .
These differences were only found in remains of the skull .
These digital items can be seen on the Internet .
These dinosaurs may have lived in herds .
These diseases cause about a third of the deaths in India every year .
These dogs were descendants of Newfoundland dogs brought to Europe and bred with Portuguese Water Dogs and other sports dogs .
These drugs work by allowing the brain to have more serotonin .
These duties are called the Five Pillars of Islam .
These earlier types are called Crocodylomorphs .
These early competitions have been called the precursors of the Paralympic Games .
These eight houses are named after some famous people from New Zealand .
These enzymes became known as restriction enzymes and developed into one of the main molecular tools in molecular biology .
These equations and ideas are derived from areas of pure mathematics .
These events and especially violant deportation of approx .
These events provide a supportive environment where masturbation can be performed openly among young and old without embarrassment .
These factors made the Islamic conquest of Persia easier than it would have been in earlier times .
These features make it difficult for a predator to home in .
These features make the billiard cue stiffer .
These female aphids may or may not have wings .
These figures spew out the collected water .
These findings revolutionized our knowledge of chimpanzee behavior .
These fins stand out from the lateral sides of the mantle .
These first five stations opened on 13th December 2009 .
These first releases were tracked with radio collars .
These five fortresses resisted various assaults led by the Aragonese army .
These flies are commonly known as tachina flies or tachinids .
These flow into Pakistan .
These forest dwellers usually belong to one of two groups .
These form after five years of age .
These formations were usually lines or squares .
These forms do not describe different laws .
These gastropods breathe with gills .
These genes turn plant cells into factories producing chemicals used by the bacteria for nitrogen and energy .
These groups are called chapters .
These groups that are similar are called language families .
These guidelines are adjusted over time due to changes in the market and the economy .
These guilds established and maintained a trade monopoly over the Baltic Sea and most of Northern Europe .
These have all been hunted and killed for their fur .
These have been called basilicas since Early Christian or Medieval times .
These have been found in the country that is today called Iraq .
These have useful properties and characteristics that can be used in engineering .
These include churches and community organizations but also may involve special real estate such as National Guard armories .
These include economic conditions and mergers and acquisitions .
These include fractions and integers .
These include words and phrased not used in India as well as accents .
These included the geologist George William Featherstonhaugh who purchased fossils for the newly opened New York Lyceum of Natural History in 1827 .
These including The Mask and Hellboy .
These instructions are called immediates .
These intelligent primates are endangered due to loss of habitat .
These islands are a part of 26 atolls .
These islands are sometimes called Oceania .
These islands can be made by Volcanoes or made on coral reefs .
These issues were discussed in those four weeks .
These jars were used to store organs which were removed from a dead person because they were thought to be useless .
These joints are round and can be taken apart .
These killings are now called the Holocaust .
These kinds of animals often never touch the ground in their entire life .
These languages are called language isolates .
These languages are similar to each other .
These large eggs are about 90 m by 140 m and weigh about 600 grams .
These large vehicles often have to go to special parks .
These larvae spend part of their life cycle as parasites under the skin of living animals .
These last for only a few seconds and involve a simple thing the player must do .
These laws became known as the Code of Hammurabi .
These laws come from various treaties .
These laws say it is forbidden to say that the Holocaust never really happened .
These layers later develop into certain bodily systems .
These letters have helped historians to find out more details about the life of Jane Austen .
These letters were remarkably well written and became very successful books when published later as Glimpses of World History and The discovery of India .
These machines were designed by other companies but in 1956 Taito designed and produced Japans first jukebox .
These magnets have to be very cold to work and they are cooled by a liquid helium .
These mammals have thick hair or blubber to keep them warm .
These may describe a real or a completelymythical event .
These meetings start with prayers and usually someone reads aloud some holy writings .
These men are important .
These men got the records from the Baldwin County Courthouse and took them back to the City of Bay Minette .
These men hoped to find gold and silver in order to become rich .
These might be healthy people who chose not to get the vaccine .
These most likely came from Southwest Asia .
These movies continue to be very popular with American audiences .
These musical settings were mostly written for church services .
These mystical creatures are believed to be made after a kind of angel .
These need to be repaired in order to stay good .
These new defensive positions placed the two armies less than one hundred fifty yards apart .
These notes are called valentines .
These operating systems usually use paging .
These pages illustrate the variety of gastropod forms .
These pages should be deleted after about a month of inactivity from an indefinitely blocked user .
These paintings are known as Madonna and Child pictures .
These parasites are called candiru .
These particles are the really small pieces that build up the world around us .
These patches grow next to each other .
These patronage systems are different depending on the area in which they are practiced .
These patterns may have been made by using combs .
These people also depend on herd immunity .
These people are elected by the people of the United Kingdom to represent them in the House of Commons .
These people belonged to the middle classes .
These people like the writings of Anton LaVey and are sometimes called LaVeyan Satanists .
These people moved there so they could vote .
These people want to use Tau because they think it would be easier for everyone to understand .
These people were called the Guanches .
These people work on Wikiproject Chemistry .
These peoples were growing domesticated cattle and using ceramic pottery .
These phases are the waggle phase and the return phase .
These places are often called the Catalan Countries .
These planets are very large .
These plants are shrubs and small trees .
These plants belong to the genus Musa .
These plates interact as they move about causing earthquakes and creating volcanoes and mountain ranges .
These pleasant beaches have clusters of small family owned warungs that will be glad to prepare a meal and serve beer .
These pools can become homes for frogs and salamanders .
These pouches hide the tactile velar filaments .
These practices are generally only done by monks and nuns who remain in strict seclusion for at least three years .
These practices still continue .
These primary languages have not been used in the domains of power because the rulers of these regions were generally foreigners .
These prizes are often given by the people or group of people that give the game show money to run .
These produce harmonics .
These prohibitions must have concerned activities towards which there was a strong inclination .
These prongs are connected to long pieces of metal string .
These provide important freshwater and nutrients to the healthiest section of the Great Barrier Reef .
These rainforests are of high conservation significance .
These recipes were predominantly equal parts gasoline and styrofoam .
These religions are started when tribal societies come into contact with Western civilisation .
These remnants are visible in the Gandhara capital of Taxila .
These rhythmic patterns are also used in interesting combinations .
These road were used by the local car manufacturers to test their new car designs .
These rugs have a texture and general qualities similar to that of silk .
These rules are usually called Heuristics .
These rules leave out information that is not important so that a single rule can cover many situations .
These rumors have not been denied by any official .
These scientists are called malacologists .
These settlements are nestled on mountains about 20 kilometres from the city of Abbottabad .
These sieves are usually made of stainless steel and combine a fine wire mesh sieve and a temporary storage container .
These sites are found among the rocks that have given shelter to the Aborigines for thousands of years .
These skulls unlock helpful and or strange differences in the levels such as confetti and balloons appearing when the player scores a headshot .
These small balls are cooked in various ways .
These smaller numbers are called factors or divisors .
These songs are now a part of present day culture of Bengali people .
These sounds are made in two ways .
These special marks show that the Mandaeans existed during the late Arsacid period at the very latest .
These special properties which we can only see at the nano scale are one of the most interesting things about nanotechnology .
These spiders are found in warmer regions around the world .
These stands of kauri are also important because they are homes for many endangered species including the North Island Brown Kiwi .
These states touch the Atlantic Ocean all the way up to Canada .
These stations continue to be served by London Overground .
These stoney items are called fossils .
These stories are usually for children .
These stories have given ideas to produce many movies and theatrical plays .
These stories may be religious stories or on any other topic .
These sugars can be used as thickeners and emulsifiers in the petroleum and medicine industries .
These supercooled drops are still liquid water even though the temperature is below freezing .
These teams have won many championships .
These techniques are used today to make a wide variety of useful chemicals such as medicines or polymers .
These temples are on each continent .
These tentacles are arranged into two circles .
These tests involved psychedelic drugs .
These theorems have interested mathematicians and people who are not mathematicians .
These theropod dinosaurs must have terrorized their dinosaurian prey during their peak in the Jurassic period .
These things are all called risk factors .
These things are called cargo .
These threats started in 1971 .
These traditions are usually esoteric in their nature .
These traps are all classified as active or passive .
These treatments used the radioactive isotopes .
These turbinates guide the air through the nasal cavity .
These two are known as Old World Rats .
These two famous painters both died around 1520 .
These two tissues transport fluid and nutrients internally .
These types of gardens are cared for by people called gardeners or groundskeepers .
These types of rats are not usually called fancy rats because the hobby does not center around them .
These types of tracks are usually called circuits .
These users are native speakers of Croatian .
These usually have less windows .
These vendor sell a single cake topped with some kind of sweet sauce .
These vibrations are sent to the brain by a network of nerves .
These villains try to hurt the people who live in Gotham or steal things from other people .
These walls stood until 1476 when they were knocked down .
These wardens have the job of patrolling the streets and finding any cars which are illegally parked .
These warriors did not in fact help the taifa emirs but rather annexed their lands to their own North African empires .
These wars changed European armies and artillery .
These wars were the Punic Wars .
These ways of celebrating having nothing to do with Christianity .
These ways of communication are very important .
These weapons make Mario Kart different from other racing games .
These were about the history of the time .
These were added to the flammable substance to cause it to gel .
These were all Christian churches and most were Lutheran .
These were also satirical .
These were brought from Rome via artists commissioned by the Valencian Pope Alexander VI .
These were called arrowloops .
These were considered much more necessary for women .
These were described as Vampyronassa rhodanica .
These were double reed instruments which often played with shawms .
These were eventually phased out in favor of larger stores .
These were extremely successful .
These were from the Devonian period in the Paleozoic era .
These were not linked together .
These were often plays or dramas .
These were people who wrote and sang songs about courtly love .
These were picked by young men .
These were pieces for orchestra and a solo instrument .
These were printed in London between 1851 and 1869 .
These were similar to his own life .
These were the first battles of the American Revolutionary War that were fought on that date in 1775 .
These were the only Nazi concentration camps on British soil .
These were the people native to the Caribbean islands and Central America .
These were the people that he later wrote about in his own stories .
These wetlands became rich habitat for birds and other animals .
These will link to the public transport network with roads to the Motherwell and Carfin rail stations . .
These women would be educated so that they were ready to appear in public as a royal wife .
These words mean things that are a little different .
These works covered a variety of themes .
They accepted on 11 May .
They agreed that they would not go out at the same time .
They all escape on his ship .
They all have three strings .
They all lost their clothes and had to steal some .
They all serve the purpose of leading the viewers eye into the painting .
They all share similar characteristics but they also have individual customs .
They all speak Spanish .
They also acted together in a play .
They also adopted a broader alternative rock sound .
They also adopted and raised two other children .
They also are often used for construction of high buildings or window cleaning .
They also ate bread and enjoyed toasting and eating the pesky but crunchy locusts which destroyed their precious crops .
They also catch insects .
They also changed military systems .
They also deemed it necessary to include athletes in the decisions of the Paralympic governing body .
They also destroy one of them in the process .
They also developed many weapons .
They also do not say exactly when it happened .
They also draw liquid mucus up from the epithelium by capillary action .
They also felt it was not true to the characters .
They also go in an odd ellipsis direction instead of a circle .
They also had a strong trading links with China .
They also had to find a real drummer .
They also hated John Dudley .
They also have mouthparts .
They also have special units that are dedicated to their gods and are usefull in different roles .
They also have the longest continuous fossil record of any primate .
They also help with destroying and recycling broken proteins that build up in cells .
They also legislate policy for the city .
They also like to play with toys .
They also like to watch trains .
They also live in brackish water and rivers .
They also live in deep burrows that protect them from the worst heat of the day .
They also live in some rivers like the Niger River and around Lake Chad .
They also lower their inhibitions .
They also made a 2nd and 3rd movie to the original .
They also made extensive use of new materials and manufacturing methods developed at the time .
They also made propaganda that blamed Jews for many things .
They also made vending machines for the vodka and peanuts .
They also may be done by percentiles rather than fixed cutoffs .
They also must understand how the sea works .
They also often have different functions .
They also prepare the election of a new pope .
They also produced Friends .
They also protect citizens from threats that could come from inside the country .
They also provided him with food and water .
They also publish a magazine .
They also reduced government spending to stop money becoming less valuable .
They also said that people who spoke Welsh instead of English could not hold public office .
They also say it may not be how people really ate in the Paleolithic era .
They also say that Jesus was just a normal man .
They also say that he saved China from foreign rule .
They also say that he was impatient and would not wait for things he wanted to achieve .
They also sent attackers to kill people inside Israel .
They also sing religious songs .
They also sometimes eat the leftover food from campsites or garbage dumps .
They also speak about the Hell of Verdun or the Blood pump .
They also stimulate lymphocytes and other immune cells to respond to the pathogen .
They also think that diversity is threatened by worldwide influences and mixing .
They also thought that the world was changing a lot and needed a college where students would have a lot of responsibility for their own education to be successful in the future .
They also use various drums .
They also used deep wells for water .
They also were working with new sponsors Petronas to build their own engines .
They also wrote down facts about who told each story .
They appeared in 7 episodes of the show .
They appointed a dictator named Quintus Fabius Maximus .
They are
They are Arabs .
They are Jews and Armenians .
They are a clade of protists which move by the synchronous waves of tiny projections from their cuticle .
They are a component of many survival kits .
They are a kind of pit viper .
They are a kind of vesicle .
They are a part of the National Hockey League .
They are a part of the Southern Division of the National Football Conference .
They are a small group of about 30 species in two genera .
They are a subgroup of the larger Black British community .
They are able to find food from a far distance from its great hearing sense .
They are about the lives of many generations in a particular place .
They are absent from the underside of the caped arms .
They are aged to soften .
They are all connected parts of the whole .
They are all equally likely .
They are all metals .
They are all native to Africa and Asia .
They are all very hard to find .
They are almost all green except for 4 red knobs above the thorax and 1 yellow knob on the eighth abdominal segment .
They are also aged for their harshness to vanish .
They are also called dicots .
They are also found in various forms in many parts of the world .
They are also known as the oscines .
They are also known to eat birds and snakes .
They are also of uncertain placement .
They are also quite liked in gardens .
They are also served as a dessert .
They are also sometimes used for protective or medical reasons .
They are also used as tree for pollinating food apple trees in apple orchards .
They are also used in advertising and publicity .
They are also used in internal combustion engines as superchargers and turbochargers .
They are also very loyal companions .
They are also young Japanese girls .
They are among the most impressive carnivores that ever have lived .
They are an amateur club .
They are an important object of study in zoology as they provide indications about the origins of the vertebrates .
They are assisted by a dedicated staff of volunteers .
They are attacked by some of their enemies .
They are believed to hibernate during cold weather .
They are between the pelvis and the base of the tail .
They are by far the biggest of the many moons of Jupiter .
They are called expatriates or expats .
They are called fancy rats .
They are called hot air balloons .
They are called necessary cause and sufficient cause .
They are called officials .
They are called periodicals because new versions of them keep being printed .
They are called the Flood .
They are called the six yogas or six doctrines of Naropa as they were originally taught by Naropa and consist of six main practices .
They are camouflaged and difficult to see .
They are castrated by removing the testicles .
They are caused by a virus in the HPV family .
They are caused by differences in temperature .
They are changing a lot due to Solar and planetary perturbations .
They are characterized by spicules made out of calcium carbonate .
They are close to Newfoundland .
They are coached by Igor Shpilband .
They are commonly known as Apollos and Parnassians .
They are commonly seen in schools and businesses around the world and can be used quickly and efficiently for simple mathematical problems .
They are connected with unusual ways of thinking and with the highest levels of spiritual enlightenment .
They are considered a nuisance to the shipping industry and private boat owners .
They are considered by many to be one of the most influental Death Metal bands in existence .
They are considered to be the highest selling boy band of all time due to their several hits that topped the chart and unique charisma to the people .
They are considered to be the most complex eyes in the animal kingdom .
They are contained in the opcode itself .
They are cooked on a large griddle with lots of holes for each poffertje .
They are covered with tall grasses .
They are cunning and evil and live underneath the surface of the earth .
They are currently the most popular pets in the world .
They are descendants of the Tamil people who lived in the old Jaffna kingdom or who migrated to the East coast .
They are different from doughnuts because they are boiled before baked .
They are different from each other because different types of decay produce different particles .
They are eaten usually for breakfast or a snack .
They are either biologically or legally related to the person .
They are famous for only drinking blood .
They are famous for the hit singles Someone Like You and Stay .
They are five movements which all use canon to build up the music .
They are found in almost all habitats all over the world .
They are found in both Hinduism and Tibetan Buddhism .
They are found in kitchens and bathrooms .
They are found in most of Africa south of the Sahara and are widely distributed in East Africa .
They are found in tropical and temperate regions .
They are found mainly on digital or satellite television .
They are generally operated with one or more experienced professional staff person .
They are ghost hunters .
They are good swimmers and divers .
They are greenish yellow and striped with black .
They are grouped together and known as the Covenant .
They are hammering at the anvil .
They are identical in shape and color to ancient Egyptian beads and other beads obtained from ancient cities in Baluchistan .
They are important because they spread plant and fruit seeds through the forest .
They are in Administrative Block One and also the Science Block .
They are in every field of life in Pakistan .
They are in most elementary schools and in back yards and can also be made of plastic and in the shapes of different reptiles and animals .
They are in most eukaryotic cells and do many things .
They are in the family Ericaceae .
They are in the form in which they are found in nature without any thing done to them .
They are inforced with clay or concrete on the sides .
They are known as New Zealand wrens .
They are known as game birds because they are hunted and eaten by humans .
They are known as the First Nations and the Inuit people .
They are known for making luxury cars .
They are known for the beautifully decorated woolen clothing they made .
They are large white and black with yellow heads .
They are like homeless shelters except that they are only open when the weather is bad .
They are linked on a chain .
They are linked with the revelation of the path of transformation .
They are liquid hydrocarbons .
They are located in both Los Angeles County and San Bernardino County .
They are located southwest of India .
They are looking for a young girl named Enola .
They are made from sulfur .
They are made of a protein shell which surrounds and encloses various enzymes .
They are made to have fast answers in a special area .
They are mainly together to help trade and their economies .
They are most likely based on the robots in the Terminator movies .
They are mostly Salvadorian .
They are mostly found in Tibetan Buddhism .
They are mostly made for the purpose of entertaining the imagination of young children .
They are mostly of interest to science .
They are mostly used in war .
They are much more important in plant and fungus cells than in animal cells .
They are named after lakes on Earth .
They are named catfish because their barbels look like the whiskers of a cat .
They are native to the tropical region of Southeast Asia .
They are nocturnal .
They are nocturnal which means that it is active during the night .
They are nocturnal which means they sleep during the day and are awake during the night .
They are normally unreactive and colorless .
They are not adapted for flying .
They are not any more of a health risk than other common pets .
They are not five statements of the theme with ornamentation .
They are not for sale in a market .
They are not sent to jail .
They are not there because of sobriety issues .
They are now called the Juvenilia .
They are nursed until they are one month old .
They are often associated with flamenco dancing .
They are often confused with volcanic craters .
They are often full of arpeggiated figures with the melody going from one hand to the other .
They are often held on holidays or to honor someone .
They are often kept as pets .
They are often seen perched conspicuously on a treetop .
They are often used in an orchestra .
They are often used in music which is supposed to sound Spanish .
They are one of the few animals that can be found on the highest mountains and the deepest seas .
They are oxidizing agents .
They are painted in dull colors as a protest against the simple food .
They are parents of 3 daughters .
They are part of a group of flightless birds called the ratites .
They are part of the Eastern Carpathians .
They are part of the Sony BMG record label .
They are part of the larger Malay Archipelago .
They are planning to release a new single called Whistle For A Hottie in 2010 and possibly a new album although the title has not been announced .
They are predators which kill their prey by hitting them at high speed .
They are put in the subgenus Urostigma .
They are regarded as similar to the archetypal vertebrate form .
They are related to boobies .
They are related to mustard and cabbage family .
They are rodents that belong to the group of ground squirrels .
They are ruled directly from Islamabad through a Northern Areas Council .
They are ruminants which means that they have more than one stomach and they digest their food very well .
They are said to live off of blood and to drain the life out of people .
They are saved by two very different ships .
They are seen as a means to help the homeless who usually stay outdoors .
They are seen in the prequel trilogy of the Star Wars movies .
They are served as a main dish .
They are served with cooked rice in Korean cuisine .
They are shrubs or vines that grow in moderately warm climates .
They are shy birds living deep in the forest .
They are signed to 604 records which is the area code of the lower mainland of Vancouver .
They are signed to Lyric Street records and have won many CMT and ACM awards .
They are similar in style to pancakes served in the U.S. but are perhaps more likely to mix or replace wheat flour with corn .
They are simpler than other modern weapons and not useful in modern warfare .
They are so poor and so cold that they burn a drama that Rodolfo has written .
They are softer and much shorter than those of the sea urchin .
They are someone who worked hard to make the world a better place .
They are sometimes called counting numbers .
They are sometimes known as sea cows .
They are songbirds which can perch .
They are strong swimmers as they have webbing between the toes on their paws .
They are taught by teachers who are famous musicians .
They are taught by the composer Paul Patterson .
They are the current defending World Champions after beating the Texas Rangers four games to one in the 2010 World Series .
They are the iMac and Mac mini .
They are the most luminous electromagnetic events known to occur in the universe .
They are the only bread product that is boiled before it is baked .
They are the only mammals that can fly .
They are the only pigs able to live in areas without water for several months of the year .
They are the tops of underwater volcanos .
They are the traditional words of the Mass.
They are there to get information of all kinds .
They are thought of as some of the holiest Christian sites in the world .
They are thought to have originated when a keyboard was attached to a psaltery .
They are treated specially so they are sticky .
They are two species of about 10 and 20 cm in overall length .
They are unreactive as far as calcium ions go .
They are used between a mother cat and her kittens .
They are used for swimming .
They are used in Asian drinks and desserts such as falooda or sherbet .
They are used in discrete wavelet transform .
They are used in low and medium head applications .
They are used to catch a baseball that are hit by a batter or thrown by an outfielder .
They are used to clean wood and metal and make them smooth .
They are used to look into the sense of touch .
They are used to produce high octane gasoline products .
They are used to show how people might have lived in the castle hundreds of years ago .
They are used to transmit television and radio programs .
They are used to weigh down paper .
They are used today for leisure activities .
They are used very much in spiritual customs among the Native Americans .
They are usually between four to eight sentences .
They are usually counted to be part of the respiratory system .
They are usually depicted as small girls or women .
They are usually female but there are also male nannies .
They are usually large plain buildings in industrial areas of cities and towns .
They are usually made from wood but may be made from metal when used in industrial or public areas .
They are usually made with the bell pointing downwards .
They are usually metal .
They are usually tuned so that playing each string in order sounds like playing all the white notes on a piano in order .
They are very beautiful and there is a lot of variety and interest in them .
They are very difficult to play .
They are very diverse .
They are very energetic dogs .
They are very hard to see .
They are very useful because they describe the physics of many things of academic and economic interest .
They are white in color and arranged as a spike .
They are witnesses to the oath .
They arrested and killed the Bab and his followers .
They arrested him immediately .
They ask him to show them what he can do with the Tarn helmet .
They ask him whether he can change himself into something small .
They asked him why he had never finished the job .
They became a band in 1999 and released their debut album Rascal Flatts in 2000 .
They became extremely famous in Europe in the early part of the 20th century .
They became famous for playing his string quartets .
They became friends and recorded a demo track with other students from the school .
They became slower chicanes .
They became so scarce that hunters had difficulty finding any .
They became successful with singer Mike Patton in the early 1990s .
They became the first Turkish club to win the UEFA Cup and the UEFA Super Cup in 2000 .
They become good friends .
They become ready to mate when they are a year old .
They began play in 2003 .
They began to wear dampened material over their mouths and noses .
They began with jazz musicians .
They believe giving people vaccination causes more sickness than it stops .
They believe in witchcraft and practice trial by ordeal .
They believe that men and women are forced to sin because of the world around them and thy have to try and resist if they want to go to Heaven .
They believe that the messages from the Manifestations of God get more and more difficult to understand .
They believed that Western capitalism had changed a lot and that socialism and public ownership was not so important .
They believed that white people in the southern part of the United States would not buy their products .
They believed this cycle of coming back to life could be escaped by a ritual cleansing .
They belong among the rosid group of dicotyledons .
They belong to India and their capital is Kavaratti .
They blocked the main Mardan to Bakshali road in protest .
They both contain massive rocky cores bigger than Earth .
They both finished the race in the points .
They both gradually shrank in size as land in Thuringia was divided among sons . .
They both had the same background and lifestyle .
They broke up in 1992 .
They built an empire out of the lands of the former Akkadian empire .
They built an observatory to look at the stars .
They built the bastide because they hoped they would get more profits from the land .
They built their town near a swamp .
They built them to look more like Roman Basilicas .
They burn off the trees and plants to make a field .
They bury themselves under the sand until night so that there are not as many predators that will attack them .
They call them aiyyanar .
They called themselves the Borodin Quartet after the composer Alexander Borodin .
They came in large numbers until the 1910s .
They came into the town and robbed many times .
They came to the islands sometime between 200 and 600 AD .
They can also be big enough to walk through .
They can also be called Hemingway cats because author Ernest Hemingway owned many of these cats .
They can also chemically split off water from the food they eat .
They can also contain the spirits of dead people .
They can also go into other tissues by putting themselves into far away places by metastasis .
They can also have similarities to goats like eating habits .
They can also hunt fish .
They can also range from light and pale to medium and greyish shades .
They can also swim if necessary .
They can and do collide .
They can ask for a vaginoplasty .
They can be all one color or have spots or other coloring .
They can be carried around and made to lean against something such as the wall of a house .
They can be found from Cooktown in the north to Melbourne in the south .
They can be found in South America .
They can be found on the northwest side of the island .
They can be found primarily located near airports or busy city areas .
They can be preserved by drying or pickling .
They can be served with jam and cream or just with butter .
They can be tapped by the fingers and palm of the hand .
They can be too big to be lifted by one person .
They can be used in classical music as well as in pop music and rock music .
They can be very still and hard to see .
They can be written two next to each other .
They can cause people to see and hear things that are not real .
They can directly be executed by a processor .
They can drink alcohol and even eat pork to deceive their enemies .
They can get down all the way to Mexico and South America .
They can have many different colors and coat types .
They can hold loads greater 20 kN .
They can hop and jump with their powerful legs .
They can jump up to 9 m in a single leap .
They can lay 1 to 5 eggs .
They can live 5 to 7 years in captivity .
They can look for them indoors or outdoors .
They can make the power to turn flour mills or pump water .
They can move very fast in the water and on land .
They can not be easily hurt by guns as their casing reflects the bullets that come from the gun .
They can not control when they fall asleep .
They can not eat anything else .
They can not walk backwards but they can hop or jump as far as about three times their own height .
They can only hold their breath under water for about five minutes at a time .
They can pull carts and plows .
They can raise cholesterol in the heart and may give people a heart attack if they have too much saturated fat .
They can reach high speeds for long periods of time .
They can sing very well .
They can store waste .
They can survive a long time without drinking .
They can tell the difference between dark and light .
They can weigh up to 1000 k. They have a powerful tail which helps with swimming .
They captured its soldiers and took them to a close field .
They catch their food using their tongues .
They cause the mud at the bottom of the river to move and in these countries people hate them .
They celebrate it to remember when Moses freed them from slavery in Egypt .
They challenged the thinking of many white Americans towards black Americans .
They change more quickly than the entire culture .
They chew up bits of wood and convert it into a paste which they use to construct their paper nests .
They choose a course and then a car .
They chose Caius Terentius Varro and Lucius Aemilius Paullus as Consuls .
They claim descent from ancient royal warrior dynasties of Kshatriyas .
They combined political and cultural satire with witty grand opera parodies .
They come from the spring celebrations from old European nature religions .
They come in multiple flavors and were first made in the Halls Brothers company in Britain .
They compete in the Atlantic Sun Conference .
They completely eat whole planets before moving on .
They connect the left and right epididymis to the ejaculatory ducts in order to move sperm .
They considered themselves to be in a state of war with Mecca and raided Meccan caravans .
They consist of flat panels in which water circulates .
They contain a lot of sugar .
They continued to fight over the title to a tie in a match at Backlash 2007 .
They correspond to the different commands that can be given .
They could also be said to be the set of all possible numbers of elements in any finite set .
They could be picked up and put on a table .
They could be used to control the people and roads around it .
They could easily become an endangered animal unless things are done to protect them .
They could gather their livestock and possessions and take refuge into fortified towns .
They could not adapt to their environment as easily .
They could not decide which way to go .
They could process more water by spinning faster and could use much greater heads .
They could show that the game utensils date from around 3000 BC .
They cover the salt pan with a thin sheet of standing water .
They create paper cells similar to the combs that bees make with wax .
They create perspective .
They created Italian colonies close to the coast .
They cross at the Delta in east Hamilton .
They cross near to the middle of the string without touching .
They currently play in the American Hockey League and are the farm team of the Los Angeles Kings of the NHL .
They currently play in the Azadegan League .
They currently play in the Football League Championship .
They currently play in the IPL .
They decide to ruin her studying .
They destroyed both cities and killed hundreds of thousands of people .
They detect the taste of things that go into the mouth .
They developed in the Cambrian period and became a significant sea predator in the Ordovician period .
They did not agree that he was the brother of Jesus .
They did not do any physical work .
They did not do well against the Romans .
They did not even try to save their King .
They did not have much contact with other people of Brazil .
They did not keep animals .
They did not like the fast nature of the corners where the pit lane situated .
They did not want the churches to look the same as Roman Temples .
They did not want to use any of the other sections .
They did this because of his diminishing abilities and because Gilliam was established at second base .
They did this since Germany had many people and many people had no lands to work .
They did this to make money .
They die .
They differ in their shape and what they are used for .
They discover this when they go back to 1985 .
They discovered cycle of cell division is regulated by cyclin and cyclin dependent kinases .
They divided the curve into an infinite number of very small pieces .
They divorced in 1974 .
They divorced in 1981 .
They divorced on 19 August 1995 .
They do not contain lipids .
They do not do things they like so they can defeat their desires .
They do not even exist in Africa .
They do not go far away from ice .
They do not have more diseases than other common pets .
They do not have priests .
They do not mean what the dictionary says they mean .
They do not need to drink water as they can get enough moisture from the plants that they eat .
They do not put out branches until they are very tall .
They do not stay in the snow and ice .
They do not think as much about the risks of not giving vaccinations .
They do not usually sting something unless it bothers them first .
They do this by biting people or animals on the neck with their two long fangs .
They do this to be hard to detect in crowds .
They drove Audi R10 turbo diesel cars .
They eat blood .
They eat by holding the fish in one claw and tearing the flesh with the other .
They eat fruit and can see well .
They eat mainly grass and herbs .
They eat plants and leaves .
They enjoy attention and exercise with their owner .
They entered the Battle of the Bands contest at the Hollywood Bowl in 1966 .
They entered the late Roman Empire during the 5th century .
They escape .
They escape with the Captain and more Marines .
They even deposed a president and installed a new one because the old president wanted too high taxes .
They even did not let other fans use the blue seats .
They even form streets in downtown Basseterre .
They eventually invaded China and founded the Chinese Qing Dynasty .
They feel depressed as the nights become longer and there is less daylight .
They felt that Gandhi was sacrificing Hindu interests in an effort to appease minority groups .
They felt they had no control over things .
They fight against evil spirits who attempt to bring chaos through human beings .
They finally reached the homes of commoners towards the end of the 17th century .
They finished twelfth .
They fired shells which exploded when they hit .
They first gave this prize in 1998 .
They first said the game would be put up in September 2007 .
They fit tightly and are usually brown or black .
They fled into space aboard any spacecraft they could .
They followed the philosophy of Confucianism and Legalism .
They forage for seeds and vegetation amongst the scrub brush of their native habitat .
They form a line and walk up and down staircases in the school .
They form the family Camelidae .
They form the family Tapiridae with the only genus Tapirus .
They formed in 2002 .
They formed in Chicago in 1969 and were very popular in the 1970s .
They formed in the UK in 2007 after exiting Big Brother in 2nd place behind Brian Belo .
They formed the Dana Fuchs Band .
They formed their band in 1992 .
They fought many battles .
They found his stories to be very interesting and strange as western people did not know much about the Eastern world .
They found out Mikael Stanne was not going to be able to perform with the band .
They found that Japanese soldiers would abandon positions in which they fought to the death against other weapons .
They free the Mariner after he says he will take them with him .
They furiously attacked the walls .
They gave concerts and made recordings together until Jacqueline became ill with multiple sclerosis and retired in 1973 .
They gave it up to local rulers .
They gave many concerts and made some of the first recordings of piano trio music .
They gave the patient some antibiotics .
They get away only because Kehaar attacks Woundwort .
They get smaller and smaller until they reach the beach or a low lying area .
They get the infection more easily and they get sicker from it .
They give a portion of their profits to the foundation .
They give concerts all over the world .
They give him lots of wine so that he becomes drunk and starts to tell the people his adventures about love .
They go into other tissues by growing into them .
They go out singing about their love for one another .
They go to Pulau Ubin for 5 days .
They got engaged just before Bush went to fight in the Second World War .
They got helium tanks from California Toy Time Balloons .
They got the prize for their peace efforts in the Middle East .
They got their name from the long bones in their feet .
They got their wish in 1971 .
They groom themselves by licking their fur .
They grow fast and makes fruit when they are four or five years old .
They grow in the marsh where sunshine is good .
They grow on the northern hemisphere .
They had 19 children together .
They had a brother called George Boleyn .
They had a contract with the British Government to carry convicts .
They had a daughter called Andromeda .
They had a public oven and housewives brought the dough to the baker to cook .
They had a religious significance to Ismaili Muslims .
They had a rematch in 1927 and Tunney again beat Dempsey .
They had a son in 1996 .
They had a strong navy .
They had also tried to make her drown herself .
They had been hurt when the Taliban attacked them .
They had brought their own kinds of wine plants .
They had developed individual photographic styles and professional techniques .
They had few natural enemies and serious competitors .
They had four movements .
They had married on 1st July 1916 .
They had married on 21 June 1940 .
They had met in Prades .
They had not raced together before .
They had one meaning which was bad and also had a decent meaning .
They had one son .
They had previously used bamboo and silk .
They had qualities that made them an important part of Japanese society .
They had six children .
They had the power of 100 rifles and the infantry men hated the machine gunners .
They had three children .
They had three children together .
They had to agree to keep the prisoners secure and safe .
They had to be put on a very flat surface .
They had to break down the doors because the keys had already been taken and shown in the streets .
They had to give Germany food and other things which it needed and could not grow or make for itself anymore .
They had to spend a lot of time playing for the Teatro de la Zarzuela .
They had tried to smuggle 8.3 kg of heroin valued at about AUD 4 million from Indonesia to Australia .
They had twelve children .
They had two daughters .
They had two sons .
They harness a clean and renewable energy source .
They hatch as larvae from eggs in the water .
They hatch from small eggs laid in a pond or lake by their mother .
They have 10 varsity teams and they compete in the Big East Conference .
They have 14 varsity teams and they compete in the Big Sky Conference .
They have 14 varsity teams and they compete in the Horizon League and the Eastern Intercollegiate Gymnastics League for gymnastics .
They have 15 varsity teams and they compete in the Big Sky Conference .
They have 16 varsity teams and they compete in the Southeastern Conference .
They have 17 varsity teams and they compete in the Mountain West Conference .
They have 18 varsity teams and they compete in the Atlantic Sun Conference .
They have 31 varsity teams and they compete in the Northeast Conference .
They have 7 varsity teams and they compete in the Colonial Athletic Association .
They have 9 varsity teams and they compete in the Atlantic Sun Conference .
They have a bag that holds air .
They have a long history .
They have a long sticky tongue which makes it easy to pick up many ants at once .
They have a pair of antennules and a pair of antennae .
They have a quite noticeable shade of red on their tail end .
They have a small head and large ears .
They have a son and a daughter .
They have a son named Carl .
They have a thick coat of hair that protects them from the sun .
They have a thing for releasing albums every five years .
They have a uniform size and shape .
They have a wax coating to make them waterproof .
They have access to a many leisure and recreational facilities .
They have also found ethane on Titan .
They have also played at Godolphin and Latymer School in Hammersmith .
They have been called the Boston Red Sox ever since .
They have been introduced to the United States with large populations being found in Hawaii .
They have been living for billions of years .
They have been on display in the British Museum since 1816 .
They have been playing since 1984 .
They have been playing there since 2000 when it opened .
They have been recorded flying with a 7kg fawn .
They have been seen in distant galaxies .
They have been studied in much greater detail than their short counterparts .
They have borders of brocade or plain green cloth .
They have caused the recent extinction of many marsupial species .
They have developed complex social behavior .
They have different meanings to the people using them than their everyday meaning .
They have different ways to describe the convergence of the observed or measured probability to the actual probability .
They have each part .
They have five pairs of walking legs .
They have formed at various times since plate tectonics began on Earth .
They have got 15 different buses for the city .
They have had a lot of influence in many countries .
They have had eight top ten albums and fifteen top ten singles .
They have had longer to accumulate parasites .
They have had multiple hit songs and won several awards for their singing .
They have hard covers and binding instead of soft ones .
They have him arrested .
They have incomplete metamorphosis .
They have long eye lashes which protect their eyes from the sun .
They have lots of historic temples .
They have never won a Stanley Cup .
They have now moved into general freight haulage .
They have released 3 EPs and 1 demo album and have appeared on television in the United Kingdom .
They have released an EP and studio album .
They have released three albums and a number of singles .
They have scales on their skin .
They have short arms with clawed fingers .
They have short legs and short bills .
They have since then been published by Yale University .
They have stalagmites stalactites .
They have the best songs of all birds .
They have their home stadium in Langnau .
They have three daughters and five grandchildren .
They have tied twice .
They have to do with different forms of the same quality .
They have to guess the answers to a survey question asked to 100 people to win points for their team .
They have to pass an audition to get a place in the orchestra .
They have two daughters named Jamie Elizabeth and Mia Louise .
They have two glands in two empty spaces under the skin .
They have two sons .
They have very good footwork .
They have won 2 regular season titles .
They have won the Grey Cup 5 times .
They heated the rocks in the imu and the pig cooked with steam .
They held many Nazi war criminals there .
They held patent for Tram and tramway machinery and equipment .
They held seventh spot on a shrinking list of constructors and only scored 11 points .
They hid in the thick bush and walked to Eaglehawk Neck .
They hijacked airplanes to force Israel to give them what they wanted .
They hoped the Stuarts would end bad laws .
They hover and kite on moderate wind .
They hunted for meat and gathered the food of the desert to eat .
They hurt their bodies in order to help their spiritual beings .
They identify themselves based on their language .
They ignored each other for most of the time .
They immediately began preparing Marie Antoinette for her marriage .
They imply that Takalik Abaj was conquered by it or its allies .
They in turn were made up of millions of cells .
They include a number of extremophiles who live in extreme habitats .
They include a number of smaller parts .
They include about 150 hymn tunes and a large number of anthems .
They include the a short statement that lists all of the things needed for the invention .
They include three members of the Amadeus Quartet .
They included his colleagues Henry Clay from the west and John C. Calhoun from the south .
They inhabit the deep slopes of coral reefs .
They invented or popularized most of the ice dance lifts currently in use at the international level .
They invited Gary to go to America .
They join the Lachlan near the town of Cowra .
They judge the conflict based on Jewish law .
They keep the same characteristics from story to story .
They kill animals and gather what the forest provides for part of their food .
They killed every adult man they saw .
They knew that the north was where Polaris was .
They later won the titles back for a short period .
They learned also that DDT used in one place may go all over the world .
They learned that DDT stays in the environment for a long time .
They leave the house at half past nine every morning in rain or shine .
They leave the vault because their father has gone missing .
They left the White House on 9th August 1974 .
They let all the other prisoners out of their cells .
They like the water no matter what temperature outside as their coat protects them .
They liked small theater pieces and Falla wrote El retablo and set it as a puppet opera .
They liked to choose where they worked and traveled from place to place .
They list no parables for the Gospel of John .
They live alone or with a mate in a territory .
They live and breed naturally there now .
They live by themselves and do not like other martens living too close to them .
They live in Cheshire .
They live in Oklahoma City .
They live in cities which they call refugee camps .
They live in coastal and freshwaters and are found in temperate regions around the world .
They live in families and eat vegetables and hay .
They live in parts of Australia .
They live in soil and feed on bacteria .
They live in the cold northern seas around North America and Europe .
They live to produce more offspring than the less good mimics .
They lived happily together until Mary died in 1543 .
They lived here as war prisoners and had to work for the German people .
They lived in Favoriten where Matthias started playing football with Hertha Vienna from 1918 to 1924 .
They lived in Thailand where she attended the International School Bangkok .
They lived in east Judea and northern Mesopotamia .
They lived in many places in the United States .
They lived in the Pliocene and Pleistocene .
They lived in the late Paleocene and early Eocene epochs of the Cenozoic .
They lived there between 1200 and 1450 AD .
They lived there eight years retirement together .
They love to be active .
They made a boat to get across the river near the present site of Albury .
They made an alliance with the city of Saguntum and claimed to be protecting the city .
They made her work and crushed her spirit .
They made homosexual men wear a pink triangle .
They made it to the World Series but were beaten by Philadelphia in five games .
They made music from 1989 until 1999 .
They made simple burial mounds .
They made that number two per league city in 1961 .
They mainly taught how to take care of house and children .
They make a mixture of mucous and serous .
They make different sounds .
They make either mucous or serous secretions .
They make some money from exporting clothing .
They make the majority of the population of Afghanistan .
They makes lots of greeting cards .
They manage to board a spacecraft to take them away but it is caught in the explosion and is split in two .
They mark the territory with urine and feces .
They married around 1808 .
They married in 1931 .
They married in June 1810 .
They married on 2 September 1997 and had three children .
They married on 20th October 1853 .
They may also be romantically interested in people of the same sex .
They may also have a feint white line on their cheeks .
They may be used for climbing trees or for rock climbing or in caves .
They may change positions at any time .
They may enforce laws .
They may get fever or feel sick .
They may have a bad effect on the economy or even big natural systems like the Earth itself .
They may have been made by ancient volcanoes by things such as leaks and eruptions .
They may have nightmares about the rape .
They may have walked on all four legs while grazing .
They may make laws .
They may prefer the use of certain hands for certain tasks .
They may remove one breast or both breasts .
They may use nests that have been left by other animals .
They meet to mate in late spring or early summer and have up to five babies .
They met again to make Walden Media .
They might end with an envoi which meant that it was addressing a king or prince .
They might have children named John Allen and Mary Allen .
They might shave their beard or wear a tie .
They might stop smoking or stop watching TV so they can spend more time reading the Bible or talking with the family .
They modeled their kingdom on the lines of empires of north India like the Mauryan Empire and Gupta Empire .
They mostly live hidden in the ground .
They moved as the animals they hunted for food moved to different areas .
They moved from place to place to find food and water .
They moved in 1963 .
They moved out to a new concert hall in the Lincoln Center in 1962 .
They moved the capital to Bukhara and Samarkand went into decline .
They moved to Bath when her father retired in 1801 .
They moved with her to Southampton later in the year .
They must also stop copying .
They must live a separate life until they have the size and capability to live as an adult .
They named him Edward and he was later to be King Edward VI of England .
They named it parkor
They named the town Jamestown after King James .
They need a high salt concentrations to grow .
They need careful fit for both the rider and the horse .
They need to be at least Grade 8 Distinction standard and they need to be very good at sightreading so that they can learn very quickly .
They need to be globalized to find cures through epidemiology and international partnerships .
They need to be standardized .
They noted that she tried to avoid attention by sitting quietly in the back of the class .
They noticed a struggle for existence between animals .
They noticed that living things more or less fitted the lives they led .
They now also include descendants of Tamil speaking people even when they no longer speak Tamil language .
They number around 5 to 7 million people and most of the people in the group live in India .
They occur in temperate and tropical habitats .
They occur when two earth crusts shift underground .
They occurred in the month of Ramadan .
They officially released Riot !
They often depict animals rather than humans .
They often have a staircase leading up to the front door .
They often have a turntable ladder which makes it possible for the ladder to be facing in any direction .
They often let themselves be influenced by rock music .
They often show Faust as a figure of vulgar fun .
They often studied together .
They often took degrees in science .
They often traveled through Spain and to Portugal and Latin America giving concerts . .
They often try to make the crowd happy and excited .
They one of the most important collections of Jewish laws .
They only ate bread and cheese .
They only exist in Madagascar .
They only received two years of education in arithmetic and geometry before Dalton was forced to retire because of a stroke .
They only scoring a few points in the opening rounds .
They only work when electricity is running through them .
They only worship him as one of their greatest teachers .
They open their eyes after about eighteen days .
They ordered that there was to be no retreat .
They own a paper mill in the city .
They own the copyrights to the Harry Potter movie series .
They owned a store in Brooklyn .
They owned several ships including the M.V. Cartela .
They owned very few things because they had to carry everything themselves .
They paid Spain for use of the island during colonial times .
They play Canadian football .
They play a style called Groove metal with Death metal influences .
They play a very loud and angry kind of heavy metal called Grindcore .
They play at Old Trafford which is in Greater Manchester .
They play in the Western Division of the American Football Conference .
They play metalcore which is mixture of Hardcore and Heavy metal .
They play rugby league .
They play their home games at the Bescot Stadium .
They played 22 games a year .
They played a reunion show 17 July 2010 at the Mercury Lounge in New York City .
They played at Bank of America Stadium and played their first game in 1995 .
They played jazz music at clubs in Hollywood .
They played the Never Sleep Again tour with fellow band Silverstein .
They played together for 30 years .
They preached tolerance of other faiths .
They presumably worshipped a River God . .
They primarily consist of realistic images of large animals .
They probably danced as they did this .
They probably descended from the gracile australopithecine Australopithecus .
They produce hundreds of thousands of tons of paper each year .
They put a high priority on family life .
They put him in a very bad prison .
They qualified to skate for the United States at the 2002 Winter Olympics .
They question the two in separate cells .
They raise crops in small clearings as well as hunting and gathering in the forest .
They raised more money and also finished Number One on the charts .
They range from old country towns to up to date cities .
They range over an area of about five hectares .
They rather speak a kind of regular German with a certain pronunciation .
They reached better conclusions .
They realized their location was not safe one and some began to try to run back to the Union lines .
They really believe the image dances work .
They receive points for how they placed in the race .
They received a very good welcome .
They refused to be treated as if they were not equal .
They rejected the usual Christian doctrine of marriage and only believed in the New Testament .
They release their first album Emergercy on Planet Earth in 1993 .
They released 5 singles from this album .
They released Pablo Honey in February 1993 .
They released their first album in 1973 called Kiss .
They released their first album that year as well .
They relied on their advantages of supply and manpower .
They remained independent of the Spanish until late in the 17th century .
They remember their first meeting .
They reopened in May 2007 .
They resemble a mix between praying mantids and phasmids .
They returned to Iraq when they received assurances that Saddam Hussein would pardon them .
They robbed the Reverend Samuel Marsden near Windsor .
They said Princip must stay in prison for 20 years .
They said that diseased bone marrow could also be destroyed with radiation .
They said that this had helped her at the time she was having a nervous breakdown .
They said that this particular value it approached was the actual slope .
They saw a national park as establishing a way to manage the land that could protect their interests and be sympathetic to their aspirations .
They saw its purpose as making kids have fun .
They say he might have committed war crimes .
They say how much battery power the computer has left .
They say the ones that came earlier on had a more simple message than the ones that came later .
They say vaccines stop much more sickness than they make .
They selected a winner every year from 1940 through 1946 .
They send about 100 tons of fish to Europe and America every day .
They sent in those demo tapes to a man named Herb Alpert .
They serve the chief god Odin .
They set up an office of the Inquisition and sent out notices that anyone who came and confessed would be granted absolution .
They settled in the United States and Paris .
They settled on a small truck farm in the city of Dairy Valley .
They share the housework and take care of one another .
They share what they have .
They should live in an aquarium or cage meant for hamsters .
They show a special way of running slowly and jumping high when they are chased by lions or cheetahs .
They show many of the beliefs and controversies of Christianity .
They show that fairy tales were told from very long ago .
They showed that the bacterium Escherichia coli entered a sexual phase during which it could share genetic information .
They sided with the other teams over planned rule changes .
They signed the oath with their own blood .
They sit in different parts of the concert hall and play at different speeds at the same time .
They sleep in spherical nests in trees during the day .
They sleep in trees at a different site each night .
They sometimes migrate to Central America in the winter .
They soon moved from Belarus to protect themselves from the dangerous Chernobyl nuclear accident .
They specialise in home appliances .
They specify in what way the data is stored on the card .
They specify the basic instruction type .
They spend the hottest hours of the day in the water .
They spend the winter as chrysailds .
They spent twelve years traveling and looking for a home .
They start at one point and end at a different location .
They start digging in the area where they think it is .
They started a tradition of inviting families to Sunday church services in the East Room of the White House .
They started after the French Revolution ended and Napoleon Bonaparte became powerful in France in November 1799 .
They started in 1990 .
They started in 1997 .
They started making cars in 1963 .
They started making the movies in 2001 .
They started playing football in 1888 .
They started the band Tool in 1990 .
They started to farm animals .
They started to spread tatami through the room .
They started using more sounds from electronic music .
They started work on the new car for because of the new regulations for the next season .
They stay on the main sequence for millions or billions of years .
They stayed there for three days and held up all the people traveling along the road .
They still have many of the same traditions and beliefs that the Maya from classic times had .
They stood on each others backs and shoulders to get to the top of the gaol wall .
They stopped the financial crisis from worsening but could not take the decisive action that would generate economic growth .
They stopped using the 19th century scenery on the stage .
They study ecology .
They swallow their food without chewing it and later regurgitate a cud and chew it .
They swam across with their clothes tied up above their heads .
They swam the river and attacked them .
They take about three months to hatch .
They take broomsticks and land at the top of one of the towers .
They take their food from host plants that are green .
They talk about how strange the night was .
They teach that without this faith it is impossible to achieve the benefits and realization of meditation .
They tell them to put ice on it .
They tend to be wide and stratiform in nature .
They tend to cost more than pocket calculators .
They tended the garden and could eat from any tree except the Tree of Knowledge .
They then blew the alarm with some Roman trumpets .
They then broke up again in 2004 .
They then chose points on either side of the range they were interested in and worked out tangents at each .
They then continued to retreat toward Marion .
They then insert one or more eggs into the host or deposit them upon the host externally .
They then make new cells with these copies .
They then met Harvey Fuqua and joined with his group The Moonglows .
They then pass through some kind of doorway to get onto the plane .
They therefore offered equality to those who came to live there .
They therefore wanted to create a separate state .
They think that the progression of history has been pushed forward by class struggle .
They think the apparent clustering of impact melt ages near this time is an artifact of sampling .
They think their religion is similar to that written about in books from the Witch trials in Early Modern Europe .
They thought it should stay exactly like Wagner had known it .
They thought that by doing so they would get the blessings of the gods and other beings .
They thought that it is wrong for somebody to live in great welfare that is made by hard work or even oppression of others .
They took it with them when they moved to the rest of the Middle East .
They took the village of Letino without violence and with great enthusiasm .
They trace their beliefs back to Adam .
They traveled to Japan soon after .
They traveled together to Italy where they saw lots of great art .
They tried instead to defeat him by attrition .
They tried to bring a prosecution for obscenity .
They tried to recruit the most famous poets and artisans .
They two usually make plans like throwing water balloons or snowballs at Susie .
They use 364 hand gestures to show this .
They use a renewable energy source and are designed to operate for decades .
They use a system to tell the staff people to get ready .
They use snowmobiles to herd the reindeer and rifles to kill the wolves that chase them .
They use these addresses to send the same mail to these addresses they have .
They use this capability to get information on the progress of the day deep inside a dark beehive .
They used Kaltag as a cemetery for surrounding villages .
They used a bible in the language people spoke .
They used an object called a radar to find it .
They used chlorine gas to begin with but it gave off a strong smell and was green so it could be easily seen by the enemy .
They used different things found all around us to find their way from place to place .
They used trained reindeer to pull sleds carrying their supplies .
They used wood for all of their buildings .
They usually collapse because of fatigue rather quickly .
They usually contain salicylic acid in higher concentrations .
They usually did this while their warrior husbands were busy in battles .
They usually have pointed wings and long tails .
They usually live in herds .
They usually stay together in groups called herds .
They usually weigh from 40 to 110 kilograms .
They want to have Freia in payment for having built the castle .
They want to raise awareness for climate change .
They want to return to Africa and live naturally .
They wanted Egyptian Arabic to officially become the Modern Egyptian language .
They wanted a less confrontational policy in foreign affairs and more socialist actions .
They wanted to join up with more French ships to make a stronger fleet .
They wanted to show the damage that feral rabbits do to the Australian environment .
They wanted to study the environment of the island .
They wanted to write drama like the old Greek tragedies .
They weigh up to 5 kg .
They were a kind of political propaganda and were used in political debates .
They were after the gunpowder and weapons that were kept at the prison .
They were already disturbed by the workings of the music industry .
They were also not as resourceful .
They were also sometimes said to be able to shoot poisonous spines from their tails .
They were also used by miners in caves to determine the depth of a mine .
They were also used to shoot rocks to break castle walls .
They were also worried that the bumps would force them into the wall on the outside of the corner .
They were always on the search for trick ballhandlers .
They were among the first to explore the world .
They were associated with the house music movement and Madchester .
They were both training in internal medicine at Royal Perth Hospital in 1981 .
They were brought to Britain by the Earl of Elgin .
They were built at this time .
They were built by Nebuchadnezzar II around 600 BC .
They were built mainly in the south of France in the Middle Ages .
They were called Cash and Company .
They were called United Empire Loyalists .
They were captured and occupied by Jordan and by Egypt in the late 1940s .
They were changed to the colors of gold and green .
They were classified under rodents until the 20th century .
They were content to try to hold the Rhine .
They were created by an Italian mathematician named Evangelista Torricelli in 1643 .
They were created by an evil scientist named Davros .
They were created in 1960 as a new American Football League team .
They were crucified .
They were deposited there during the last ice age .
They were discovered by Johann Christoph von Aretin in Benediktbeuern Abbey in 1803 .
They were doing a series of Virtues for the Tribunale or meeting hall of the Mercanzia .
They were engaged to be married in April 2001 .
They were expected to give the plan their full support .
They were fighting for control of the city of Stalingrad .
They were finally conquered in 1697 .
They were first set up in 1874 from Hamilton Academy .
They were first used in 1912 .
They were folksongs from the Provence .
They were formed in 1972 .
They were formed in 1977 .
They were formed in 1999 .
They were founded in 1925 in Chicago .
They were founded in 1980 .
They were fully out of Morocco by 1963 .
They were fussed over and kept warm to stop them from getting colds .
They were given Walkman so to prove that the portable player is fun and easy to use .
They were going to kill Ferdinand when he drove past .
They were ignited by dipping the tip of the match in a small asbestos bottle filled with sulfuric acid .
They were introduced in December 1963 in the second Doctor Who serial .
They were islands in the ancient seas that once covered much of Kakadu .
They were killed off by hunters and climate change .
They were knitted and became thicker like modern tatami .
They were led by Heinrich Himmler .
They were looking at an impurity in zinc carbonate and found cadmium .
They were made of bronze and had an oval shape .
They were made of the leftover gas from the nebula that made the Sun .
They were made to warn people about dangers .
They were most popular from 1977 to 1984 .
They were never returned .
They were not attacking the Bastille to free the seven prisoners inside .
They were not going to follow the rules of anatomy and perspective in the way that Leonardo and Raphael did .
They were not particularly successful .
They were often played to accompany a church choir .
They were on the music label Matador Records .
They were on their way to becoming serfs .
They were opposed to the doctrine of sin .
They were pacifists .
They were part of a group known as the Ostyer Bay tribe .
They were peasants from Northern Italy .
They were peasants that came to Brazil to get their own lands .
They were placed in the Basketball Hall of Fame as a team in 2001 .
They were poets or singers .
They were professional musicians who agreed with what Steinitz was trying to do .
They were quite different to the weapons used in conflict today .
They were reelected in 1982 .
They were said to have taken a train through part of the route .
They were simultaneously published in hardback and paperback .
They were soon translated into other languages to help spread the religion .
They were started in 1968 by George Clinton .
They were started when they joined the NFL in 1960 .
They were sung to plainchant .
They were the Cello Suites by Bach .
They were the first Indians that fought against the Europeans .
They were the first humans and had no experience with Gods commandments .
They were the first macropods to be seen by Europeans .
They were the first to study the Amazon and other tropical places .
They were the heirs and transmitters of the Central Asian sedentary culture that diffused in prehistoric times from the Iranian plateau into an area extending roughly from the Caspian Sea to the borders of China .
They were the largest steel manufacturer before World War II .
They were the most common dinosaurs .
They were the only race of people who could control the air .
They were then closed and restored .
They were treated by cauterization .
They were tried in the village of Samlesbury in Lancashire .
They were turned into kabuki plays when they became famous .
They were united by Islam .
They were used as solo instruments as well as to accompany an orchestra .
They were used to the romantic music and classical ballet of the nineteenth century .
They were usually considered Gnostics .
They were vegans .
They were very close friends of Shostakovich and Benjamin Britten and performed a lot of their works .
They were very good team in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
They were very important for trade as well as for war .
They will actually start recording the darn thing after a string of shows in late October 2008 .
They will also eat carrion .
They will also scavenge dead bodies up to the size of whales .
They will fly for some distance if approached too closely .
They will normally live for about five years .
They will not need a third time .
They won a medal of every color at the World Junior Figure Skating Championships between 2000 and 2002 .
They won the Battle of the Bands that year .
They won the Stanley Cup in 1989 .
They won the bronze at the 2007 Nationals and then placed 6th at the 2007 Four Continents .
They won the championship a third time in 1985 .
They won the election and Roosevelt began his 4th term as president .
They won their first German Championship in 2009 .
They wore fancy costumes and served fashionable ladies and lords .
They work the same as normal cartridge but play television shows instead of games .
They worked on their idea that there was a bacterial cause of peptic ulcer and stomach cancer .
They would fall back and run the Union left on Cemetery Hill to Little Round Top .
They would have to fall back .
They would politely ask for some food and refuse to leave until someone gave them food .
They would tell it to him .
They would then be shared between Odin and Freyja .
They would then know the latitude by measuring the angle between Polaris and the horizon .
They wrote musical plays called Sangeet Naatak .
Things got worse after the tragic deaths of Ayrton Senna and Roland Ratzenberger at the San Marino Grand Prix .
Things like houses have a property tax on them .
Think of electricity as water flowing down a pipe .
Third and last single was called Mile Away .
Thirty million cubic meters of magma in the form of pumice and ash were blown to a height of up to 36 kilometers above the island .
This Category contains templates that are protected so that only Autoconfirmed users are able to edit them .
This Community is a large area which includes the city as well as small towns and villages outside the city .
This DVD includes the first four episodes with Jake Ryan .
This Dalek appeared to be the sole Dalek survivor of a Time War that had destroyed both the Daleks and the Time Lords .
This May Day celebration began in 1870 and is approaching one hundred and forty years of age .
This School is named after the late Dr Wee Kim Wee .
This Students organization is still functional in Pakistan .
This Union colored regiment was also completely routed .
This a category for teams in the sport of ice hockey .
This ability of plants to catch animals is called true carnivory .
This act banned many kinds of discrimination against black people .
This act shocked the religious conscience of Mesopotamia .
This act sparked huge anger within India .
This adaptation is only used by one order of bacteria and one family of Archaea .
This adaptive radiation produced the first members of most modern phyla .
This additional component of motion allowed the turbine to be smaller than a water wheel of the same power .
This airport was built by the French colonists in 1930s .
This album become popular .
This album made the band famous all across the world .
This album was her most personal album .
This alias he would later use in the motion pictures The Blues Brothers and Blues Brothers 2000 .
This allowed her to claim the character as her own .
This allowed him to make shorter throws to first base .
This allowed the club to pay its creditors and remain participants in The Football League .
This allowed the preservation of soft parts and exceptional detail .
This allowed them to blow more things up .
This allowes the player much more firepower but does not allow the throwing of grenades .
This allows for a far more naturalistic experience than would normally occur in an indoor amusement park .
This allows for a total of 12 players .
This allows people to get to the island platform .
This allows players to keep playing for longer periods of time without straining their eyes .
This allows the path to travel the slope with a smaller slope .
This allows you to have more than one website open in the same window .
This alone was a major scientific find which challenged previous conceptions of chimp diet and behavior .
This also attracted bad publicity sometimes .
This also ends up as sediment .
This also has the oath of office that the minister must take .
This also helped other Game Boy models after the Game Boy Color .
This also includes the cities of Bonner Springs and Edwardsville .
This also led to Newton creating his Law of Gravity .
This also lets in more light or less light .
This also makes calcium bromide .
This also makes the solid barium sulfate .
This also required a change in their power because they became heavier .
This altarpiece has in the middle panel the Virgin Mary and Christ Child on a throne .
This angers 343 Guilty Spark .
This angers some users and is a cause for some cheating .
This annual music festival continued until the start of the Spanish Civil War in 1936 .
This answer was called the Four Noble Truths .
This are articles about dairy products .
This are articles about famous people .
This arrangement has borne fruit .
This arrangement is an inversion where the temperature increases with height .
This article includes information from the English Wikipedia which was originally translated from the German and French Wikipedias .
This article is about a comic book superhero .
This article is about a religious leader .
This article is about a village near Albi .
This article is about a village near Melun .
This article is about baseball .
This article is about the break up of British India .
This article is about the desert .
This article is about the measurement of temperature .
This article is about the part of the military .
This article is about the plant .
This article is about the town in Scotland .
This article is about the tree .
This article is about the unit of energy .
This article is about the video game .
This article tells about the beginning of the story .
This articles are about animals that are commonly kept as pets .
This assignment shifts each year .
This association was created during the boycott .
This assures a perfect fixture of the blade .
This attempt failed after the Doctor interfered .
This attracts much interest and many tourists to this culture .
This avatara of Vishnu is also a symbol of great strength .
This award is voted on by the fans .
This award ran from 1955 through 1996 and was a poll of NFL players .
This award was created and first awarded for the 2010 FIFA World Cup tournament .
This base was called Dakar .
This basically ended Nirvana and Grohl started his own band Foo Fighters in 1995 .
This basically means that no two fermions can be in the same point in space at the same time .
This batter is either spooned or poured onto a hot surface which is coated in cooking oil or melted butter .
This battle became a disaster for the Allies .
This battle became known as the Lawrence Massacre .
This battle changed the course of the war and made the French more powerful .
This battle was called the Beer Hall Putsch Hitler was given five years in prison for high treason .
This became her signature style .
This because the area had springs and streams that fed wetlands .
This becomes necessary when the old pope dies or resigns .
This began the Kurdish Ayyubid Dynasty .
This being the industry is not as well defined ... as we might think .
This being when matter is turned into energy .
This belief is mistaken .
This bird can only breed on islands in flooded salt lakes and have only bred in South Australia seven times in the last 70 years .
This bird of prey breeds in the Canary Islands and on the coasts of North Africa .
This blueprint will not contain any data .
This book is accessible to both laymen and initiates .
This book took place during the Gold Rush .
This book was the basis for the musical South Pacific .
This bower is filled with blue objects to help attract a female .
This boy was guarding the way while Parvati was taking a bath .
This boy was the first person ever to get a vaccination .
This break gives players a chance to rest .
This broad Safique was once arrested after the bomb blast of London for allegation of being associated with the terrorist .
This brought anger by other people towards Lebanese Jews .
This building is now being used by Technique at Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts and 24 Hour Fitness .
This building is the Gabaldon Building .
This building is used by students to take place some concert .
This building was also the home of the Parliament of Australia from 1901 to 1927 .
This bumping and grinding is hard so there are many earthquakes and volcanoes when the pressure builds up and is quickly put out into a big explosion of hot rocks and dust .
This button will turn on the lights .
This calendar has been in use in Japan since the beginning of the 8th century .
This called him to fall out with Sir Arthur Conan Doyle .
This came at a time when tobacco sponsorship was being banned in many location .
This can be a dangerous sport because caves sometimes have deep pits .
This can be because the stain was not good .
This can be confusing because there is also a U.S. state called Washington .
This can be especially problematic for patients suffering from ischaemic heart disease .
This can be felt in his music .
This can be heard in a lot of his music .
This can be seen clearly in the East African Great Rift Valley .
This can be seen easiest when comparing the Julian calendar with the Gregorian calendar .
This can be seen from the deep U shape of the valley .
This can be seen on line .
This can be treated by a doctor with antibiotics .
This can be used to explain causality .
This can change the compatibility of the code .
This can either increase or decrease the chance of conception .
This can even kill them .
This can include graffiti and website damage .
This can take hours or days .
This carbon dioxide goes up into the atmosphere and traps more heat .
This cartoon marked the first time Warner Bros. cartoon characters Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck were voiced by someone other than legendary voice artist Mel Blanc .
This category and articles are about domestic cats .
This category automatically includes all templates using and thus provides a list of talk message boxes .
This category comprises articles related to the Shinto religion .
This category concerns the chronological classification of events .
This category contain pro wrestling related articles that happened in 2010 .
This category contains French commune articles using deprecated parameters .
This category contains WrestleMania related items .
This category contains actors .
This category contains administration templates .
This category contains albums by the Canadian pop punk band Simple Plan .
This category contains an alphabetical list of musicians who were members of the Chapel Royal .
This category contains articles about Boeing airplanes .
This category contains articles about English cricketers .
This category contains articles about GNOME .
This category contains articles about Scottish golfers .
This category contains articles about airlines .
This category contains articles about elements of the central government of the United Kingdom and the governments and councils of the constituent countries and subdivisions of the United Kingdom .
This category contains articles about managers of the England national football team .
This category contains articles on specific wars .
This category contains articles on television series .
This category contains articles relate to GP2 Series .
This category contains articles related to Apple Inc.
This category contains articles related to Presentation software .
This category contains articles that are of a good quality .
This category contains backlogs which need to be dealt with .
This category contains both days of the week and year .
This category contains categories that require particularly frequent maintenance to avoid becoming too large .
This category contains famous people from Ukraine .
This category contains historical aircraft .
This category contains information about photosynthesis and respiration .
This category contains items about pro wrestling happenings in 2011 .
This category contains lists of articles related to England .
This category contains lists related to the sport of ice hockey .
This category contains notable people from Turkey .
This category contains organelles .
This category contains overviews of economies by country .
This category contains pages about the Toronto Transit Commission .
This category contains pages about the first microcomputers .
This category contains pages for federal departments and agencies of the Canadian government .
This category contains pages related to activism .
This category contains pages related to gifted education .
This category contains pages that need to be updated .
This category contains pages with dead external links .
This category contains people who are Wikipedia bureaucrats .
This category contains people who are from the Canadian province of Alberta .
This category contains people who are from the Canadian province of Manitoba .
This category contains people who are from the Canadian province of Ontario .
This category contains people who are from the Canadian province of Quebec .
This category contains people who are from the Canadian province of Saskatchewan .
This category contains people who are from the US state of Arkansas .
This category contains people who are from the US state of California .
This category contains people who are from the US state of Delaware .
This category contains people who are from the US state of Indiana .
This category contains people who are from the US state of Iowa .
This category contains people who are from the US state of Maine .
This category contains people who are from the US state of Massachusetts .
This category contains people who are from the US state of Missouri .
This category contains people who are from the US state of New Jersey .
This category contains people who are from the US state of New York .
This category contains people who are from the US state of North Carolina .
This category contains people who are from the US state of Ohio .
This category contains people who are from the US state of Tennessee .
This category contains people who are from the US state of Texas .
This category contains people who are from the US state of Vermont .
This category contains people who are from the US state of Virginia .
This category contains people who are from the US state of Wisconsin .
This category contains people who have driven in GP2 Series .
This category contains people who have driven in the Indy Racing League .
This category contains project pages which deal with categorization on Wikipedia .
This category contains requests for edits to protected pages .
This category contains templaltes related to language name codes .
This category contains template sandbox pages .
This category contains templates that are used in the category namespace .
This category contains the regions of Greece .
This category contains the talk pages of articles which relate to living persons .
This category contains the user pages of some users with the oversight permission .
This category contains tropical cyclone seasons within the Southern Hemisphere .
This category contains userpages of indefinitely blocked users .
This category contains utility templates used to compute dates and time values .
This category has all natural objects in space .
This category has articles about albums released by Island Records .
This category has articles on people who recently died .
This category has articles relating to the Book of Mormon and those who accept the Book of Mormon as a sacred text .
This category has boxes related to the National Hockey League .
This category has people organized by the year in which they died .
This category has people organized by the year in which they were born .
This category has songs by the band Keane .
This category has units of time .
This category includes Native American people and American people who are of Native American descent .
This category includes all the people who have explored Australia .
This category includes articles about the BAFTA Awards .
This category includes articles about the Golden Globe Awards .
This category includes articles about the Tony Awards .
This category includes articles on the actual position in any nation .
This category includes articles on the study of urban geography .
This category includes articles related to traveling in space .
This category includes former empires .
This category includes historians of China .
This category includes landforms on all planets .
This category includes sharks and rays .
This category is a list of articles with invalid date parameters in templates in those articles .
This category is about Science fiction .
This category is about Science fiction books .
This category is about Science fiction television programs .
This category is about fiction .
This category is about fictional books .
This category is about fictional locations .
This category is about pinnipeds of the group Pinnipedia .
This category is about softwares which are used for web servers .
This category is about the Final Fantasy series .
This category is about the James Bond series .
This category is about the Star Trek series ad fictional universe .
This category is about the Star Wars series and universe .
This category is about the fantasy genre .
This category is added automatically by the MediaWiki software .
This category is for Jews from the United States .
This category is for a government official that almost always appoints a Cabinet .
This category is for animals in the taxonomical superclass Tetrapoda .
This category is for animals of the subfamily Caprinae .
This category is for articles about anthropogenic effects on the natural environment .
This category is for articles about individual fictional characters which are animals .
This category is for articles about numbers .
This category is for articles dealing with athletes from the United Kingdom .
This category is for articles dealing with fictional characters on the British soap opera EastEnders .
This category is for articles related to Capcom .
This category is for articles related to maps and cartography .
This category is for articles related to the Donkey Kong series .
This category is for articles related to the Mario series .
This category is for articles related to the Metroid series of video games .
This category is for articles related to the history of music in the United Kingdom .
This category is for articles relating to Kenya .
This category is for articles that are or contain timelines .
This category is for articles which are about Confucianism and Confucius .
This category is for athletes who play the sport of cricket .
This category is for birds of the family Anatidae .
This category is for birds of the order Falconiformes .
This category is for birds of the order Galliformes .
This category is for birds that come from Australia .
This category is for buildings or projects effected by the Croydon Vision 2020 regeneration program in the London Borough of Croydon .
This category is for categories that group articles by geographical location .
This category is for computer software that is used to record or make music .
This category is for domestic cat breeds .
This category is for domesticated cattle .
This category is for drumers from England .
This category is for fictional characters from television series .
This category is for fictional characters from written fiction .
This category is for fish of the order Clupeiformes .
This category is for fish of the order Perciformes .
This category is for fish of the super class Osteichthyes .
This category is for games in the Mega Man series of video games .
This category is for games only released on the PlayStation 2 .
This category is for games released only for the Xbox 360 .
This category is for handheld video game consoles .
This category is for important buildings and similar structures .
This category is for legitimate sock puppets .
This category is for pages about mountain passes in India .
This category is for pages about mountain ranges in Pakistan .
This category is for pages that are about ritual dances .
This category is for people from the country of Colombia .
This category is for people who are or were child actors .
This category is for people who are well known for their work with The Walt Disney Company .
This category is for people who design video games as a job .
This category is for people who do not eat meat .
This category is for people who have won Grammy Awards .
This category is for plants in the family Cucurbitaceae .
This category is for plants in the grasses family Poaceae .
This category is for plants of the family Sapindaceae .
This category is for plants of the order Fabales .
This category is for sitcoms .
This category is for snakes in the family Elapidae .
This category is for soft drinks .
This category is for the animals from the family Macropodidae .
This category is for the classification the Rosids .
This category is for the fictional characters from the Star Trek universe .
This category is for the fictional characters of the television series The Simpsons .
This category is for the people and the expeditions that they took to explore Australia .
This category is for the television series based in the Star Trek universe .
This category is for tracking ice hockey players by league .
This category is for video game consoles .
This category is for video games related to the EarthBound series .
This category is intended for all of the various fields to which philosophy is applied .
This category is intended for the major branches of philosophy .
This category is meant to contain pages and categories which themselves specifically relate to categories .
This category is not for articles related to the defunct professional Western Hockey League of the 1920s .
This category is the top level for locomotives .
This category lists articles about aviation .
This category lists articles related to the current junior hockey Western Hockey League .
This category lists articles tagged with .
This category lists things related to the 101 Dalmatians francise .
This category lists wikipedians needing help .
This category organizes trophies and awards found in sports .
This category page is for Simple articles dealing with the history of Oklahoma .
This category refers to technologies commonly found in automobiles .
This category revolves around Icelandic entertainer Bjork .
This category usually includes all kinds of trees and shrubs .
This category was created to help administrators know which users are currently requesting to be unblocked .
This catgeory contains the activities or interests related to riding a motorcycle .
This caused a blackout in a Long Beach neighborhood for 20 minutes .
This caused hardship in Iraq and almost destroyed the Iraqi economy and state infrastructure .
This caused part of the facility to collapse .
This caused people to move for the jobs .
This caused unrest in the northern area .
This causes cells to start to die from oxygen starvation .
This causes changes in the type of animals found in the area .
This causes it to have a dark gray or almost black color .
This causes the clouds and rain .
This causes white fractures to form on the surface and give white cast iron the name .
This center was Fighter Command control at Bentley Priory .
This change happens to the nucleus of an atom .
This change of food is also mentioned in the story .
This changed at the start of the Industrial Revolution .
This changed during World War II .
This changed in 1848 when Switzerland changed to the structure it has now .
This changes how heat and chemicals interact with the material .
This changes the proportion of alleles in the population .
This channel allows big ships to sail in the river up to this point .
This character trait that would come up several times in his life .
This chosen one would then be called einherjars .
This city is known for its rich culture and lively atmosphere .
This city is on the coast of the Cantabrian Sea and is very popular with tourists .
This cleaned up the National Mall and moved the railroad to Union Station .
This code is the lowest level of software .
This collection became the beginning of the British Museum .
This collection continues to be very popular work of Bangla literature .
This combination is often used in Hindu rites .
This community works together against discrimination .
This company performed in the Mariinsky Theatre at St. Petersburg .
This completes the cycle .
This computer game was made by Interplay Entertainment .
This conclusion was reached by noting similarities in the damage to the skull and eye sockets of the Taung Child to the skulls of primates known to have been killed by modern eagles .
This consists of the marsupials and their extinct ancestors .
This constellation is part of the Western zodiac .
This contains a summary of what was known of the great apes at that time .
This contains articles about ice hockey players from the United States .
This continued until late 11th century .
This continued until the beginning of the 19th century after which they just continued in their religious function as archbishops .
This continues for all eight nights .
This convinces NORAD that the whole thing was not real .
This copy came to Salisbury because Elias of Dereham was present at the meeting with King John at Runnymede in 1215 .
This copy is the patent .
This could be found in Clause 4 .
This could be used by the peasants against a fee .
This could help stop the carcinogens from being made .
This could lead to future use in cleaning up oil spills .
This country was conquered by France .
This course was made for students who aims for becoming a translator or a interpreter .
This created differences with communism in the USSR and Cuba .
This created the new state Mato Grosso do Sul .
This curse was allegedly removed on 28 December 1998 .
This cuts down on water loss through the leaves .
This dark phase ended with the rise of the Pallava dynasty .
This data is used to study the sharing dependence of environmental and cultural causes on cancer incidence .
This date is now called City Day .
This deep area is the Mariana trench proper .
This demarcation line which marks the border between India and Pakistan is known as Line of Control .
This depends on the environment .
This depends on the number of banchan there is .
This deprived the Liberatores of their best commander .
This design soon became added to baseball gloves and webbed gloves were starting to be used by all baseball players .
This design was changed in 2007 to red and gray .
This did not please the emperor .
This dinosaur is only known from a single skull and a few extremely thick skull roofs .
This directly opposes the idea that Jesus existed before he came to Earth .
This disease had also affected his brothers .
This district is the second smallest district in N.W.F.P. after Hangu .
This does not account for them getting out of ditches and graves over weeks or months .
This does not mean eating cooked foods is dangerous .
This does not tell us who he was .
This dog is great with children .
This drink is an infusion made with Yerba mate .
This drink is made from elderflower .
This drum was created by Daihachi Oguchi in 1951 .
This early success convinced the Japanese commanders to continue the kamikaze attacks .
This earned him the right to wrestle in the main event of WrestleMania 21 against the World Champion of his choice .
This edition was started in September 2002 .
This effect does not come into play by going from macro to micro sizes .
This emissary was cozened into exceeding the bounds of his authority and agreeing to the Persian proposal .
This empire was later destroyed due to ecological and environmental problems as well as failing infrastructure .
This enabled them to build faster than light spacecraft .
This enables spacecraft and people to be sent across the galaxy .
This enchanted tree is to be very important in a later story .
This ended the Harrier production line .
This ended up creating more support for Allende and allowed Allende to begin to focus on the upcoming election .
This equation only works if the integral is done over a closed surface .
This equation shows how the electric and magnetic fields have to do with each other .
This era lasted from August 1303 through December 1306 .
This event is considered the beginning of the French Revolution .
This event is remembered in several songs .
This event split up the Southworth family of Samlesbury Hall .
This event was named after the famous Battle of Marathon .
This eventually lead to World War II .
This excellent habitat has been taken up by other groups of sea urchins .
This exhibition had over 50 portraits .
This experiment was published in 1985 in the Medical Journal of Australia and is among the most cited articles from the journal .
This explains why taxanes have been used to produce chemotherapy drugs .
This extension will be completed in the 2nd quarter of 2015 .
This fact explains a greater number wakizashi swords were found than katanas .
This family of languages is in a larger language group .
This family ruled in the duchy until the end of the monarchies in 1918 .
This faster and faster expansion is not understood .
This feature requires Remote Install Mac OS X to be running on the remote computer .
This feature was called battlements .
This fee is usually in the form of stamps .
This feels strong .
This field acts against the permanent magnet .
This fight was called the Chinese Civil War .
This fighting ended around 11 am with no winner .
This figure is a national record for a League game .
This film along with Aparajito and Apur Sansar form the Apu trilogy .
This film includes the famous Colonel Bogey March .
This finally brought him international recognition .
This follows the lines of the Samkirtana as shown by Chaitanya Mahaprabhu in Bengal .
This food is eaten or sold after it is harvested .
This forced the people living at the time to start agriculture and to keep some of their food for the periods where there was none .
This forces Gabrielle to accept that Hope is indeed evil .
This form is also named classic and each team regularly has 5 players in open playing field 80 metres long and 20 large .
This form is the merozoite .
This formed a new geometry called elliptic geometry .
This forms an alloy called ferromanganese .
This fort was the first European building in America .
This front was much longer than the Western Front .
This fruit is preferred by bartenders to mix cocktails .
This gave the English novel its first distinctly modern character .
This gave them benefits and popularity .
This gene family is used to control embryonic development in all multicellular animals .
This genus also contains several bacteria that make up part of the natural flora of the human vagina .
This gets better in a few days .
This gives .
This gives a finer texture to higher grades .
This gives an approximation to the area .
This glaze can make different colors .
This goes against our geometric intuition .
This great civilization then ended .
This group can vote for anyone who has stopped working in baseball for 20 years .
This group helped local unions in each county of the state .
This group of elected people is called the cabinet .
This group recorded the original and important album Battle of the Field .
This group would turn into Derek and the Dominos .
This had members from the band Fairport Convention and John Kirkpatrick .
This had no effect because the English army formed a shield wall and protected themselves from the arrows .
This happened because of the racist belief that Black Africans were not as human as white Europeans and their descendants .
This happened when the Central Powers took Bucharest on 6 December 1916 .
This happened when the Treaty of Amiens ended in 1802 .
This happens because the waves that make up electromagnetic radiation carry momentum with them and pass that momentum on when they reach a surface .
This has also caused Basilicata to be one of the least developed areas of Italy .
This has been a common job for people since the beginning of civilization .
This has been encouraged in many countries and made law in others .
This has been named dark energy .
This has been proved by genetic analysis .
This has been published each year since 1984 .
This has caused many cartels that attempt to set product prices to be unsuccessful in the long term .
This has caused many farmers to provide inadequate crops causing the deaths of thousands of people .
This has caused many towns to have two or more Lutheran churches .
This has created many fanfiction communities .
This has given the name carcinoma .
This has made old volcano rock come to the surface .
This has made the National Gallery one of the best art museums for Western art painting and sculpture in the world .
This has not been recognized by any other country .
This has not happened since then .
This has the record of the oldest unbroken tradition although the May Queen of All London Festival at Hayes Common in Bromley is a close contender .
This head she fixed on the body of Ganesha .
This held that the Earth was at the center of the universe and all other celestial bodies revolved around it .
This helmet is called the Tarn helmet .
This helps confirm that the person carrying a passport is the real owner .
This helps him to get out of the way of traffic coming up behind him .
This helps people see particles smaller than an atom .
This helps the catch and digestion of prey .
This helps the injury stop .
This helps the ulcer to heal .
This hot water vapor rises .
This how the clustering takes place .
This hurt Mary deeply .
This hurt her head very badly .
This idea is called the galactic habitable zone .
This idea is called the inheritance of acquired characteristics .
This idea made national public health bodies to make it possible to bring together health data across practices and hospitals .
This idea mostly began in the 19th century .
This idea uses molecules that move themselves or organize themselves into some useful structure like building blocks .
This image came about through an interview she did with Katie Couric . .
This incident was witnessed by Dr. Nikola Nikolic .
This include processing and canning fish .
This included included Carcoar .
This included the 2001 law imposing the death penalty for homosexuality .
This included the Keys in Florida .
This included the Pendle witches .
This included the use of amputation or the removal of veins running in the direction of the tumor .
This includes a broad and complete collection of library material about Australia and the Australian people .
This includes once common and widespread species such as northern quolls .
This includes people who are neither male nor female .
This includes side holsters for pistols and larger weapons that can be slung across the players back .
This increase in elevation is from the uplift of the Rocky Mountains .
This increase of sounds is called a feeding buzz .
This increased living conditions partly .
This influence carried forward to the early Islamic world .
This information is new and can be useful .
This intimidation can be seen as terrorism when it is carried out on a large scale .
This introduces Manuel the Redeemer .
This is German for Garching near Munich .
This is a BIG assumption because hawks eat many other things and if they do not find food in an area they move until they find it .
This is a casual relationship is usually only for sex and without any emotional meaning .
This is a category about all things that are to go with Japanese mythology .
This is a category for Bells .
This is a category for PlayStation 2 video games .
This is a category for albums by The Beatles .
This is a category for all the subtemplates used by the new version of .
This is a category for articles in the Chrono series of video games .
This is a category for articles tagged with .
This is a category for baseball players .
This is a category for games in The Legend of Zelda series .
This is a category for people who ride skateboards for a living .
This is a category for puzzle video games .
This is a category for video game remakes .
This is a category for video games playable in arcades .
This is a category of Orphaned articles .
This is a category of all American Revolutionaries through History .
This is a category of games released for the Mac OS X operating system .
This is a category of television stations .
This is a category to help keep count of the total number of articles with the or templates .
This is a chemical that kills insects if they eat the plant .
This is a collection of songs for children .
This is a common misunderstanding .
This is a good thing because it can help avoid racism and intolerance .
This is a group of chemicals that are stimulants .
This is a higher percentage than any other Oxford college has ever had .
This is a human rights problem in very many countries .
This is a large irrigation scheme .
This is a leap year .
This is a list of Cartoon Network Feeds around the world .
This is a list of Daytona 500 winners .
This is a list of United States location maps used to pinpoint locations within the U.S.
This is a list of articles related to the Hockey Hall of Fame .
This is a list of members of the ice hockey Hockey Hall of Fame .
This is a list of motorways in the United Kingdom .
This is a list of record labels from Germany .
This is a list of television shows that came from the United States and were shown during the 2000s .
This is a major cause of water pollution .
This is a part of the screen that can understand what is written on it .
This is a problem for everyone .
This is a rarity in the age of filming and videotape .
This is a regional school district that has two or more towns into one school department with one high school and middle school .
This is a result of the Iraq War .
This is a rotating piece of wood in the center of the table .
This is a set of lists of books by the first year when it was printed .
This is a short work for solo violin and orchestra .
This is a sort of system of installment credit .
This is a special symbol that is written over some letters to show that they are pronounced differently .
This is a table of the basic katakana strokes .
This is a test to see if someone has meningitis .
This is a traditional holiday in Korea .
This is a two part canon between the right and left hand .
This is a type of sociology .
This is a very dramatic move on the ice .
This is a very small sentence .
This is a vocal music with use of musical instruments .
This is a walkway which crosses the auditorium at the same height as the stage .
This is a web cache that is shared between all users of that network .
This is according to the World Health Organization .
This is almost the same number as in the US State of California .
This is also called picking crops .
This is also done when somebody wants to convert to Judaism .
This is also often called payment in nature .
This is also the club he played most of the time during his professional career .
This is also the time when physical puberty normally begins .
This is an adaptation to the shape of the body .
This is an alliance between Islamic parties and organizations .
This is an ancient mathematical work written on birch bark and is the oldest surviving document in South Asia of Indian mathematics .
This is an article about the color mauve .
This is an article about vascular tissue in plants .
This is an example of recycling .
This is an example of seed dispersal by water .
This is an expensive process .
This is an industrial process .
This is an international list of places that are have outstanding cultural or natural values of international significance .
This is an obvious joke of Men in Black .
This is around the time of his birthday .
This is bad news as people may drown .
This is because DNA damage becomes more apparent in older DNA .
This is because Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd had an important role in its exploration .
This is because Sinn Fein members do not want to swear any oath to the Queen .
This is because USB sends digital signals .
This is because a new version of the magazine is printed many times each year .
This is because all matter makes radiation .
This is because companies could not sell the coal and steel that they made because it was coming in free from Germany .
This is because in some ways energy and matter are the same thing .
This is because it can make a person euphoric .
This is because it does not lie on the river Dordogne or its tributaries .
This is because it is believed to have grown above the spot where St. Constantine and Helen discovered the Holy Cross .
This is because it is considered a weapon .
This is because it is very near the equator and the warm Indian Ocean .
This is because many times the batter will hit a ball toward third base .
This is because most people gain white or gray hairs as they grow older .
This is because not all medicines work on the malaria in every place .
This is because observing distant galaxies is to look back in time to galaxies at an earlier stage .
This is because of a law called the eagle feather law .
This is because of a natural difference in spine length .
This is because of the soil and climate in the Yass area .
This is because of things like the fire code .
This is because only written fairy tales can be passed on for a long time .
This is because quinine can make people sick .
This is because so much salt has built up from the basin .
This is because some people get hurt differently by electricity .
This is because southern voters in the Senate did not like that Kansas would become a state without slavery .
This is because the Earth is round and paper and screens are flat .
This is because the English anime was made for younger children than the Japanese anime .
This is because the European and North American Diatrymas were so similar .
This is because the Greeks did not open up the body .
This is because the Netherlands has decided that having cannabis should not be a crime .
This is because the community of Pontal enjoy to welcome lots of visitors amazed with the incredible ability of the craft workers and the good taste of the typical seafood dishes .
This is because the cows are brought in for milking every day .
This is because the frequency of genes for favourable traits increases in the population .
This is because the rivers which bring water to it have become smaller .
This is because the water absorption of the hormone ADH many .
This is because the water absorption of the hormone ADH slightly .
This is because the writing is different to the way Shakespeare usually writes .
This is because there are drugs that can be given that make them nearly unnecessary .
This is because there is a lot of natural salt there .
This is because there is always movement of water to reach a state where the concentrations of salt are the same on both sides of the cell membrane .
This is because they burn up due to all the friction as they fly through it .
This is believed to help people be more healthy .
This is called Infix notation .
This is called Japanese paper or Washi .
This is called Sembe .
This is called a clinical diagnosis .
This is called a diatonic scale .
This is called a digest .
This is called a dormant phase .
This is called a fatwa .
This is called a fixed lens design .
This is called a globe .
This is called a license .
This is called a parking garage .
This is called a patent application .
This is called a pentatonic scale .
This is called a supercontinent .
This is called an impulse or tangential turbine .
This is called an income tax .
This is called automatic fire .
This is called convection currents .
This is called dandyism .
This is called deforestation .
This is called dharma .
This is called difference quotient .
This is called embryonic diapause .
This is called fixed excitation .
This is called formation dancing .
This is called global warming .
This is called hyperbolic geometry .
This is called magnetism .
This is called neuropathic pain .
This is called neutral geometry or absolute geometry .
This is called osteoporosis .
This is called patent examination .
This is called prophylaxis .
This is called rollback .
This is called seeding and it is done to make it easier for the better teams to win .
This is called stratified sampling .
This is called sublimation .
This is called the Calendar round .
This is called the Classic period .
This is called the Neoclassical style of painting .
This is called the Playoffs .
This is called the Snowball Earth theory .
This is called the humus layer .
This is called the induction step .
This is called the midnight sun .
This is called the natural greenhouse effect .
This is called the relative permittivity or dielectric constant .
This is called wrapping paper or gift wrap .
This is category for townships in Michigan .
This is clearly impossible and was used by Alan Turing in 1936 to prove that there is no program that solves the halting problem .
This is commnoly called diaspora .
This is consistent with a 2003 Australia article on the benefits against prostate cancer .
This is currently the longest of any athlete .
This is decorated with paintings based on chapter 17 of the Book of the Dead .
This is different from many older economic systems .
This is different from other team sports .
This is different in the Bible .
This is different than video on demand systems which lets people see the event at any time .
This is done by a part called a Raster Image Processor .
This is done by drawing balklines a certain distance across the length and the width of the table .
This is done by making a Charta of customs .
This is done by making the tip of the thumb slightly wet and then moving it fast along the edge of the skin so that the thumb bounces very fast .
This is done by mixing different of amounts of napalm and other materials .
This is done by solving puzzles quickly and making as few mistakes as possible .
This is done in the context of random variables .
This is done to end pain and gain enlightenment .
This is done to reduce the number of virus particles that enter the body .
This is done when there is a legal conflict between two Jews .
This is due to the difficulties which untrained volunteers might encounter in dealing with the clientele .
This is due to the fact that they are missing one electron .
This is evidence that Europe and North America were once connected by dry land in part of the early Cainozoic .
This is extremely useful when beatmatching two phonograph records or compact discs .
This is falls evenly throughout the year .
This is for the largest branches of the different topics of Astronomy .
This is hard to compose well so that it sounds good because when the first voice has just changed key the other one is still catching up in the other key .
This is his own version of haiku .
This is how Planck first came in contact with the field of physics .
This is how he got his name .
This is how the player makes each string make the right note .
This is how the theater got its name .
This is important because the most reliable method of changing animal genomes .
This is important in people too .
This is known as Malthusian catastrophe .
This is known as a cache hit .
This is known as cache miss. .
This is known as lazy write .
This is known as locality of reference .
This is known as original sin .
This is known as rollback .
This is known as spelling reform .
This is known as the departmental principle .
This is known as urbanism .
This is linked to another under the gut by nerve fibers running down each side of the gut .
This is made by mixing manganese ore and iron ore in a furnace and reducing it with carbon .
This is made from cloth that air can go through but keeps mosquitoes out .
This is made up of the small plants on the ground .
This is mainly because he is so scary .
This is much more demanding than the compatible solute adaptation described above .
This is not always true .
This is not the same place as the African country called Ethiopia .
This is not to say that rocks have a mind but that the individual atoms and other particles in the rock have some sort of awareness and are aware of each other .
This is not true .
This is not true of any other natural material .
This is not true of most Satanists .
This is not very common in the racing world .
This is now called Bangladesh .
This is now part of the Great Eastern Main Line .
This is often called Folk art .
This is often called frequency compression .
This is often done with CISC architectures .
This is often played by people who can not walk or are unable to play able body basketball properly .
This is often thought of as the end of the Western Roman Empire .
This is on the Maxwelltown side of the River Nith in Dumfries .
This is one of the biggest estuaries in the United States .
This is one of the fastest responses known to man .
This is one of the foundations of functional analysis .
This is one of the most important principles in Taoism .
This is one of the things that experts try to explain .
This is one of them .
This is owned by Argentina .
This is particularly noticeable in the way Uccello has arranged the lances that are held upright by the troops and the many weapons that are lying on the ground .
This is probably where the name of the song came from .
This is quite normal .
This is rarely a problem .
This is reckoned the most successful and deeply considered compilation of open problems ever to be produced by an individual mathematician .
This is relatively well documented .
This is several kilometres to the west of the present city .
This is shown by the equation below that is the reaction that happened .
This is shown in much of the rock art here .
This is shown in the diagram .
This is speciation which does not require geographical isolation .
This is still the record in the Austrian League .
This is still there today .
This is still true in Orthodox Judaism .
This is the beginning of the adventures that the two have while carrying out missions from the guild .
This is the category for all articles related to chess .
This is the category for ice hockey players from Germany .
This is the dormant phase .
This is the earliest treaty which has surived to the present day .
This is the exchange of one good or service for another .
This is the favored scientific hypothesis for the formation of the Moon .
This is the highest point in the south of England .
This is the kind of harp that is used in a Symphony Orchestra .
This is the kind of thinking behind an image dance .
This is the largest airport in Vietnam .
This is the layout that was used in 2004 .
This is the list of railway lines which loop cities .
This is the main station for Tokyo Disney Resort .
This is the main use for manganese metal .
This is the most pessimistic reading possible for the myth .
This is the most yards that a Chiefs player has ever rushed for in one game .
This is the navy of Canada .
This is the only known picture of him .
This is the only way to see some particles because very high energy is needed to create them .
This is the opposite of what one would expect .
This is the part of magnets that attract magnetic things the most .
This is the problem of explaining the relationship between physical and mental states .
This is the process of evolution by natural selection .
This is the same story as in the Finnesburg Fragment .
This is the same way that capacitors block slowly changing electricity .
This is the single example of two ladies acting as the First Lady in the history of the United States .
This is the site of the 1989 Loma Prieta Earthquake .
This is the spirit of the planet in human form .
This is the third largest airport in the United Kingdom .
This is the typical white disk found washed up on beaches .
This is the usual kind used in orchestras .
This is thought to be the moment where the show started going downhill .
This is to avoid danger .
This is to be very certain they will kill the P. falciparum .
This is to eliminate the risk that bombs will be placed in them .
This is to kill the Plasmodium in the liver .
This is to make it easier for civil shipping to avoid the mines .
This is to make sure they do not get sicker .
This is to prevent swallowed material from entering the lungs .
This is to try to stop the customer from stealing money from the employees .
This is traditionally done with a special kind of whisk made of bamboo known as a chasen .
This is true even when the same type of processor is used .
This is true even with children of the same parents .
This is true of mathematics as well .
This is typical of the ecology of parasitic infections .
This is used for access to some of the facilities underneath the stand .
This is used to describe how much electricity is needed by a large town .
This is used when talking about things that work on only some computers .
This is useful for reverberation and other signal processor effects .
This is useful for stage monitor mixes where changes in the Front of House channel levels would distract the musicians .
This is useful when web pages are temporarily inaccessible from a web server .
This is usually abbreviated BWOC .
This is usually called Hypnagogia .
This is usually done to make it possible to use the language for more subjects .
This is usually illegal .
This is usually minor and is not usual .
This is usually to prevent problems for the children .
This is usually used to prove a theorem that is true for all numbers .
This is usually worn if both the home and away kits clash with their opponents .
This is very important for race tracks used in auto racing .
This is very important to the whole story of the four operas .
This is very similar to the casulties of the Battle of Verdun .
This is very uncommon in other animals .
This is water which has soaked into the limestone .
This is what causes most deaths .
This is what causes the Northern Lights that shimmer in the night sky near the north pole .
This is what gives the condition its name .
This is what gives the name to the nudibranchs .
This is what leaders of the Islamic faith came to be called .
This is what the larvae do .
This is what the sermon would have been about .
This is when medical research centers found that there were large international differences in disease incidence .
This is when people faint or become unconscious .
This is when people get bad symptoms when they do not have the drug .
This is when someone gives blood to another person .
This is when the last male ruler died .
This is where all three darts hit the triple 20 .
This is where different companies and groups gather a few volunteers who parade from the main street in Nuriootpa through to the main street in Tanunda .
This is where he still is today .
This is where it got its name from .
This is where money becomes useful because anything can be traded for a set amount of money .
This is where people would refuse to buy goods or services from people who did not treat white people and black people the same .
This is where sections of rock move past each other .
This is where the Halo 3 story starts .
This is where the word pope comes from .
This is where the word tantalize comes from .
This is where they would sit in a restaurant seat that was supposed to be only for white people .
This is why DDT is not allowed to be used in farming anymore .
This is why DDT is still allowed to be used for controlling malaria .
This is why Gettysburg is said to be the turning point of the American Civil War .
This is why Roman Catholics believe there is only one Catholic Church .
This is why a magnet must be close to an object to attract it .
This is why barlines were invented .
This is why in North America it can be found in a lot of health food products such as cereal and energy bars .
This is why it often has tropical weather systems which often are Hurricanes .
This is why so many soldiers died .
This is why the West side of the Nile was known as the land of the dead .
This is why the amount of calcium ion in cells is highly regulated .
This is why the country needed lots of samurai .
This is why there are 365 days in a year .
This is why there are so many Protestant churches .
This is why there was a separate peace treaty between Germany and the USA
This is why tsunamis are more common around the edge of the Pacific than anywhere else .
This is why we now only have a small number of his works .
This is why web developers call a list of web pages on a web site a site map .
This island is called Honshu .
This it has not been found to be true yet .
This just makes more sense .
This keeps the female from mating again .
This keeps the milk supply going .
This keeps the whole organism healthy .
This kills millions of fish .
This kind of car would have lots of suspension travel and a smooth ride .
This kind of death was considered honorable for a samurai .
This kind of mass was popular in the 16th century .
This kind of medicine can cause problems with many kinds of food and drugs .
This kind of music developed into rock and roll in the 1960s .
This kneading is very important to ensure the dough is smooth and pliable .
This knowledge was very useful to her later in writing her novels .
This lake was created especially for the city .
This lake was created when Namal Dam was constructed in 1913 .
This land was called Hartley Court .
This land was known as the Louisiana territory .
This landform is characterised by rugged strike ridges separated by alluvial flats .
This language type is related to other dialects in the south of Germany .
This language writing by Arabic alphabet in nowadays although had offered a Latin alphabet for it .
This large eagle makes whistling and clicking calls .
This large group lived on the east coast of Tasmania .
This last one is a modulating canon which means that the tune changes key .
This last point of their program was accomplished .
This later sparks the jealousy of another character .
This layout is very easy to change to fit in with the local landscape .
This layout was the plan used at the height of the bastide movement .
This lead authorities to believe this letter was truly from the serial killer committing these gruesome murders .
This lead to 200 years as a British colony and independent Commonwealth member .
This leads down to the left arm of the river Regnitz where one can see the place where the boats used to stop to load and unload their goods .
This leads to soil erosion .
This leaves Helen and Enola on the Atoll as the Smokers attack it .
This led to disagreements with Boulez and Nono .
This led to even more being shot by hunters as they gathered about the wounded and dead members of the flock .
This led to the 1965 Voting Rights Act .
This led to the American Revolution .
This led to the annexation of Finland by Russia and decisive failure for Sweden .
This led to the attack of the city by Austria in 1829 after an Austrian ship had been lost to a pirate attack .
This led to the discovery of bone marrow transplants for leukemia .
This led to the first paper mill in the Islamic world being founded in Samarkand .
This led to the first statistical patient studies .
This left Ferrari and McLaren as the only remaining users of the KERS system .
This left a large amount of Manchester disconnected from the railway network .
This lessened the criticism to some extent .
This let ocean going ships sail into the Port of Manchester .
This let the tribesmen to attack the Romans from cover .
This lets light come in through the aperture and make a picture on the film or electronic sensor .
This lets people make games using mostly the computer mouse .
This lets the writers create stories which have a large effect to the universe they take place in without affected the main universe used by all of the writers as a group .
This lifted him to an Elo rating of 2801 .
This limitation can serve as encouragement to follow through with physical therapy sessions to help improve endurance .
This line began ruling Russia from 1762 to 1917 .
This line goes back to 1391 .
This links long GRBs with the deaths of massive stars .
This list was created from the votes of people who showed movies throughout the United States for the actors that had made the most money in their theaters over the last year .
This lists the pages that are about the Adult Swim shows .
This location was selected because the local Native American tribes did not live on the island and it was a good place to defend themselves from other European colonists .
This lonliness develops into a sexual urge and soon Priyanka finds herself sexually attached with a former Member of Parliament .
This looks like the handle of a frying pan .
This machine is able to sell most tickets .
This made Achilles angry at the Trojans so he started fighting again .
This made Hiranyakashipu believe that no one could kill him .
This made Nancy rely on astrology and she tried to influence appointments and movements of her husband based on astrology .
This made Sacramento a port town .
This made Saddam popular in many parts of the Arab world .
This made St. Kitts and Nevis the smallest country in the world ever to host a World Cup event .
This made Webster one of the most famous orators and powerful Whig leaders of the Second Party System .
This made a process of putting all of the patient data into hospital files .
This made existing joysticks incompatible with the new interface .
This made her husband very annoyed with her .
This made her internationally famous .
This made her much less popular .
This made her the first woman to defend an Olympic swimming title .
This made her very unpopular .
This made him different from many important 19th century writers whose books he disliked .
This made him even more interested in finding out about his racial heritage .
This made him much less popular .
This made him second in the world .
This made him the first cyclist to win all three grand tours .
This made him the third youngest grandmaster in history .
This made him the youngest person to have a rating above 2800 .
This made it a very important place for business .
This made it hard for birds to see them .
This made it the highest rated and most watched series on cable networks .
This made katana available for handling any time it was needed .
This made the King of Portugal very happy with him .
This made the Native American groups angry because they insisted that it was stopping their ability to use their religion freely .
This made the bowing arm very stiff .
This made the people in Europe unable to talk to each other and share news and facts .
This made things difficult for the Madrid Symphony Orchestra .
This made things difficult in communication .
This mail then contains all the mails of that day .
This make earwigs get sick and die .
This makes Java platform independent .
This makes Pakistan the 34th largest country in the world .
This makes an explosive .
This makes bamboo one of the few grasses that have a branch structure .
This makes calcium oxide .
This makes cutting much harder .
This makes exact analysis is difficult .
This makes food safe to eat .
This makes hydrogen sulfide and barium chloride .
This makes it an antipyretic .
This makes it difficult to see the nature of these groups or the relationships between them .
This makes it grow slower and turns the leaves a darker shade of green .
This makes it hard to learn about them .
This makes it more difficult for the batter to hit the ball .
This makes it much harder to treat .
This makes it possible that standards that usually do not carry power can transmit this information .
This makes it possible to tell the age of substances that contain carbon .
This makes it rise .
This makes it the biggest city of the Arab World .
This makes it the second largest city in Lazio .
This makes it the second largest city in Sardinia .
This makes it the second largest city in Sicily .
This makes lots of rocks fall down to Veldin .
This makes pollution .
This makes the Battle of Cannae one of the worst defeats in the history of Ancient Rome .
This makes the axis around which the bastide was built .
This makes the beach itself smaller .
This makes the current total number of teams 16 .
This makes the lichen look like a map or a patchwork field .
This makes the person have the disease malaria .
This makes the red blood cells block blood vessels .
This makes the strings move so that the strings make sounds .
This makes the strings vibrate .
This makes them cost a lot of money which is usually paid by governments .
This makes them different from a clavichord where the strings are hit .
This makes them faster and more reliable .
This makes them feel better .
This makes them fit for a companion dog .
This makes them thought as one of the top animals of the food chain .
This makes them very sweet .
This maneuver involves one opponent forcefully pushing the other until they are facing away from them .
This marked the end of official persecution of Christians .
This marks the beginning of international fame .
This material can be bent and squeezed but it goes back to its proper shape .
This may be based on a claimed sighting by a British sailor in 1939 .
This may be the reason that old people have more respiratory infections .
This may change in future .
This may have been the reason why he then lost his job in Bruges .
This may mean that life might exist .
This may point to the fact that some of the things that cause the disease may be passed from the parents to the children through genes .
This meal is known as Iftar .
This meaning is more common now .
This means Road across the Maas .
This means Stelco asked the courts if it could stop paying money it borrowed back to banks .
This means a climb to the upper level seating area requires many more steps than a spectator may anticipate .
This means chloroquine does not kill it .
This means crab or crayfish in Greek .
This means he can be hard to understand .
This means individuals may live over 250 years .
This means it is a book that is very important to Finnish people .
This means it is basically a sphere but it bulges around the middle .
This means it is celebrated in March or April .
This means it is made up of solid rock unlike a gas giant such as Jupiter .
This means it is not possible to say that a festival will always fall on the same day in the western Gregorian calendar .
This means it lasted from about 1575 to about 1770 .
This means males who like other males or females who like other females .
This means most of its mass is solid .
This means our understanding of the Cambrian biota surpasses that of many later periods .
This means she had won all four Grand Slam mixed doubles tournaments .
This means that Japanese have to find other ways to pronounce and write the word .
This means that Parvati rides a lion or a tiger .
This means that a heavy clamp is fixed to one of the wheels so that the car can not be driven away .
This means that a part of the hard disk or a file is used so that the applications or the operating system see more memory that is actually there .
This means that almost all types of peppers have varied amounts of heat felt by those consuming them .
This means that at least three notes are needed for harmony .
This means that each performance of the work is different .
This means that faith is the only way that people can get salvation from God .
This means that he will probably have to find another team .
This means that it is lifted by a crane onto a lorry and taken away .
This means that most of the planet is made up of gas .
This means that natural immunity can sometimes get rid of H. pylori infection .
This means that no forces act upon the particle inside the box and it can move freely in that region .
This means that one ruler ruled over two countries .
This means that passerines can easily hold onto trees or rocks .
This means that reproduction needs human help .
This means that the key signature of the scale will feature just sharps or just flats .
This means that the king and queen are the viewers who are looking at the painting .
This means that the magnetic field lines must be closed loops .
This means that the person is addicted to the high .
This means that them being chased away does not change the relationship between men and God .
This means that there are several communities within the official borders of Maple Ridge .
This means that they do not rip or tear as easily .
This means the chance or probability of selecting one individual is the same as the chance of selecting any other individual .
This means the molecules move about independently of each other .
This means their nests are not very safe from predators such as foxes .
This means there is one number per chemical element .
This means they always stay in the same area all year round .
This means they live in groups called herds .
This means they never intersect at any points .
This means using electronics to change the sound of normal instruments that are amplified .
This meant that DDT did not work anymore in these areas .
This meant that diseases like dysentery spread very quickly .
This meant that in the Middle Ages there was lots of business between traders who were passing through Europe to Russia or from south Russia to Scandinavia .
This meant that mills often needed to be located far from population centers and away from natural resources .
This meant that people who use the NHS would not be required to pay for services each time they used them .
This meant that the Duke paid for the education of Carl Friedrich Gauss at the Collegium .
This meant that the amount of wage labor to perform agricultural work on the demesne varied as well .
This measure gave several rights to Parliament and the people .
This meeting fired his ambition .
This metro is the combination of strong transport system and beautiful stations with expensive decorations .
This might be one of the reasons why smaller manors tended to rely less on villein tenure .
This might mean that they want to use a little bit of it when they talk about it .
This mission proves Titan to be the only other planet known to have liquid on its surface .
This mixture is often called air .
This mode of camouflage is named countershading .
This model has appeared on over 500 magazine covers .
This money goes to pay people who work for the government and to pay for things that the government does .
This money was called war reparations .
This mosque has nine minarets .
This mostly happens in school districts with such a small student population between many towns that the school district can not justify an elementary school outside the largest town in the district .
This move was called the Long March .
This movie also starred Denise Richards and Katherine Heigl .
This movie made Cohen an international celebrity .
This movie style is used very often in South Indian films as it helps make the movies appeal to more viewers .
This mucus also allows sperm easier access to fertilize an ovum .
This must be done more than 30 times every second to provide a responsive game input .
This name confusion had created problems for Nancy .
This name is the scientific classification of that species .
This name survives in the name of the Anacostia River .
This needs to be done to rule out that the mania is caused for example by a tumor .
This never happened because her mother would not sign the papers to let the families adopt her .
This new contact with Europeans and Americans changed the Japanese culture .
This new series gave the character a chance to evolve .
This new style of pop fusion was softer and slower than fusion from the early 1970s .
This new way of making bread was much easier than the other ways of doing so .
This number was found out in August of 2008 .
This one was a variation of long samurai sword .
This opera in particular influenced Richard Wagner who developed German opera in the 19th century .
This order includes true parrots as well as cockatoos .
This order is called the lineup .
This oxygen also formed the ozone layer which protects the Earth from bad ultraviolet radiation from the Sun .
This page contains links to pages about the nucleus of atoms .
This page contains pages for federal law enforcement agencies of the Canadian government .
This page explains different types of facebusters in professional wrestling .
This page has links to articles about websites .
This page has list of actors from India .
This page is a list of people from the country of Russia .
This page is about the toy .
This page is for architects from Japan .
This page is for articles dealing with the history of the country Georgia .
This page is for scientists from Canada .
This page lists all articles that describe Linux distributions .
This page lists all pages which are departmental multiple units in the UK .
This page lists articles that pass unusual parameters to .
This page lists articles with broken calls to .
This paid off when she signed with RCA Records .
This painting can be seen online here .
This painting is called The School of Athens .
This painting was completed in about 2 months .
This pair is often called the battery .
This paper made work in the kitchen much easier .
This paradox is not just true in English but in any language powerful enough for a sentence to make a claim about itself .
This park has bald eagles .
This part of the town is a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
This part was removed from the final version of the movie .
This path is known as an orbit .
This pattern looks like branches on a tree with smaller branches growing from them .
This period was inspired by the French painter Paul Cezanne .
This persons were the head of a Gau or of a Reichsgau .
This phenomenon is frequently lampooned in popular culture .
This place became center of the bourgeois settlement which developed around it .
This place is called the fimbria .
This place was near the mountains and away from the river Yaque del Norte .
This plant grows better with less water than more water .
This plant grows well in cold water .
This play received reviews in many parts of Europe .
This position is often referred to as Euroislam .
This practice originally involved a threat .
This prefecture has many cities as suburbs of Tokyo .
This prevents barium peroxide from forming when it is heated .
This prevents the leather from falling apart and often gives it a special color .
This principle was discovered by physicist Wolfgang Pauli in 1925 .
This probably cost him the Candidates tournament in 1953 .
This probably made Katherine Grey and William Herbert unhappy .
This problem is known as pseudoallegry .
This procedure may also be necessary because many cryptographic methods operate on blocks of code .
This process is called neoteny .
This process is similar to the human vision .
This process is used by some Christian churches .
This process lasted many thousands of years .
This process used to be used to get oxygen from the air .
This produced a unique taste that can not be reproduced .
This production was presented at the Lincoln Center in New York City in July 2007 where it was an enormous success .
This program takes program x and runs for ever if x does not run for ever .
This project involves the local Tasmanian Devil Conservation Park at Taranna and government and university scientists .
This project was canceled when Islamic Revolution happened in 1979 .
This property is called pseudoplasticity .
This proposal is currently being considered by the Department of Conservation .
This protection made it possible for things to move from the deep ocean to the surface .
This proved correct .
This provides not only directional but also information on the time of day .
This pseudostem can grow to be two to eight metres tall .
This pulp is pressed into sheets of paper .
This punishment had not been used since the early days of Rome .
This pushed the cannonball out the front of the tube towards the enemy .
This question is usually seen on the forms such as censuses and credit card applications .
This quick turning has caused Haumea to be shaped like an ellipsoid .
This quickly leads to its common use .
This rate is far above the world average .
This record appeared to show that the Earth had suffered occasional gigantic upheavals in what was otherwise a quiet planet .
This reduces the chances that they contract malaria .
This reduces the number of accidents caused by soldiers smoking .
This region is Mainland China .
This relies on dominant and recessive genes carried by a parent .
This remained the focus of her research for the rest of her career .
This requires the IPC to supervise and coordinate the World Championships and other competitions for each of the nine sports it regulates .
This result enabled him to qualify for the category 20 tournament Corus A 2008 .
This resulted in an 1862 rule which allowed only three counts before at least one ball had to be sent away from the corner in order to legally score another point .
This river was later renamed the Murray River .
This rodeo is called the Calgary Stampede .
This rule is used when many computers can use the same connection .
This salt lake blocked any path to the interior .
This same method using liquid from sores was also used to give people smallpox .
This saves space .
This scares Enola out of hiding and she is captured by the Smokers .
This school taught how to use both a katana and a wakizashi during a fight .
This science shows us the path and behavior of projectiles .
This sea eagle gets both its common and scientific names from its head .
This section has examples of code .
This seems to be a folk etymology without support in the Mandaean texts .
This seems to help them to do two things at once .
This selective elimination of maladapted individuals from a population is natural selection .
This separates them from villages and cities .
This series took place after the fleet got to Earth .
This series was very well liked by both the audience and critics .
This set a pattern that was followed in 1992 and 1996 .
This set of variations are a good example of a piece of music in which Bach is trying to show different techniques of composing .
This settlement lasted until 1666 or 1667 because many people died from smallpox and measles that affected the island in those years .
This shared military experience created a friendship between Robinson and Louis .
This ship has been taken over by the Flood .
This ship would be piloted by dead people who were coming back .
This shortcut has also made it into the Vi text editor .
This should help the science of weather forecasting .
This show lasted for fourteen seasons .
This showed that they were in rebellion to the Manchu .
This side is called gate .
This situation causes the formation of powerful storms .
This situation is called degeneracy and for the case where exactly two degenerate wavefunctions have the same energy that energy level is said to be doubly degenerate .
This sleeping is suggestive of death .
This slows down the frontal rainband just before the mountain barrier .
This smell is caused by the chemicals picrocrocin and safranal .
This snout resembles that of the gharial .
This social whale is known for the very long tooth that males have .
This song has been criticized and labeled homophobic .
This song was about an elderly couple who got lost while traveling to a family reunion and died .
This song was their first major hit .
This sort of behavior did not do his reputation much good .
This soup is usually served in the winter .
This source sound is changed as it travels through the vocal tract .
This special event is to remember the 1964 race riot which happened on 21 July 1964 .
This species is very rare and it is a threatened species .
This spelling was used by Aleister Crowley for occult magic .
This sport is played in various nations and they dispute a world championship .
This spot releases scents to help the female find and mate with the male .
This stage is marked by the presentation of Rama as an avatar of Vishnu .
This stain helps doctors see the malaria .
This stand was used for both katana and wakizashi .
This star pattern is made up of groove that are called food grooves .
This started the First Macedonian War against Rome .
This station is the main access point of Narita International Airport .
This stiff lava pours out quickly and makes a crust that breaks easily .
This stiffness helps players in striking the larger and heavier billiard balls as compared with pool balls .
This still happens in the Govindaji temple beside the Palace of the Kings .
This stimulates trade and support services .
This stone mask is 9000 years old and is probably the oldest mask in the world .
This stopped Catholics from taking part in public life .
This stopped Hannibal from using the harbor and Rome was slowly gaining ground over Hannibal .
This storm has impacted more than 10 states !
This story is very famous among mathematicians .
This story of a white boy who helps a black man escape slavery in the southern United States is known for its humanity .
This structure is called a sphragis .
This struggle was led by the Muslim League and resulted in the partition of the British Empire in India .
This study is central for the theory of natural capital .
This style is similar to Thrash metal but has more rhythm .
This style of painting originated in the 9th century .
This subfamily is widely distributed and members are adapted to a wide variety of environments .
This suggests that Maiasaura nurtured its young .
This suggests that it is a transitional species between extinct land mammals and modern cetaceans .
This suggests that they may be related to the fossil Stegocephalia .
This summary is not meant to be all inclusive .
This support includes financial aid .
This support is usually shown by a vote of confidence .
This surprise attack caused much damage to the planets where the humans lived and killed most of their populations .
This swamp is near Oxley between Hay and Balranald .
This symbolises the triumph of light over darkness .
This symbolizes the Holy Roman Empire .
This synagogue was very important to Jewish Lebanese in the early twentieth century .
This system allows for up to 4 card issuers in the market .
This system is polled periodically and reset at precise moments to read an input .
This system was to be used to improve health care delivery in developing nations .
This systematic killing is known as The Holocaust today .
This table has information about working out the rms for some waveforms .
This table lists the number and percentage of members of the federal government who were lawyers .
This tag is used to find the location where the original data is stored .
This tassel looks like a tail from a distance .
This tea comes from the same plant as black tea .
This team is called the All Blacks .
This technique is particularly effective in domains where formal or formulaic language is used .
This temperature scale was made in 1724 by a German scientist named Daniel Gabriel Fahrenheit .
This term is a swear word .
This test is called a Giemsa blood smear .
This the category for British ice hockey players .
This thesis statement of the paragraph tells the reader what the paper will be about .
This thick fluid helps carry solids cut by the drill bit up to the surface of the earth .
This thought was later very important when he invented basketball .
This time is called a season .
This time was known as the Dark Ages .
This timing is a subconscious decision .
This tour was one of the biggest in rock history .
This tradition goes back to John Calvin and other theologians .
This translates to German terrier for hunting .
This treaty differs from others in that the two language versions are differently worded .
This tree is directly released as a new stable version .
This tribe has rituals and rites of passage surrounding manhood which involve frequent ejaculation through fellatio .
This trick was used effectively twice .
This type is also used for many automobile engine superchargers because it is easily matched to the induction capacity of a piston engine .
This type of car park is common at airports .
This type of climate is made by many mountains that go around the city like a wall .
This type of compression works by reducing how much waste space is in a piece of data .
This type of death is called crucifixion .
This type of farming does not harm the rain forest when only a few people are doing it .
This type of negative voting is popular but often considered unethical .
This type of page is almost unheard of today .
This type of turbine is usually a Deriaz or Francis in design .
This type of work is called farming .
This unsuccessful flight won him a 2008 Darwin Award .
This use may have come from the early Pennsylvanian oil fields where wooden barrels were used to store and move oil around .
This used to cover all of Central Italy .
This usually gives people who are doing good edits a problem .
This valley also suffered from the earthquake disaster on 8 October 2005 .
This value is always the same for any circle .
This variation of surimi is quite common in the West as it is a cheap substitute for real crab meat .
This version does not give the woman a name .
This version is now danced all over the world in international competitive dancing as regulated by the World Dance Council .
This version was not very popular and was canceled after 13 weeks .
This version was slightly stronger .
This victory did much to weaken Roman control over the Gauls .
This victory for Allied forces opened the door for the invasion of Iwo Jima .
This view is quite neutral towards history .
This view of the disease was first made clear by the English surgeon Campbell De Morgan .
This view was necessary to justify the slave trade at a time when Western culture had begun to promote individual rights and human equality .
This war was fought in 1891 and had continued for months .
This was Nazi propaganda .
This was Queen Mary I and the Spanish Prince Philip .
This was a UEFA Champions League game and everyone was very excited before the match .
This was a big area that includes Mali .
This was a big deal for him at the time .
This was a dangerous thing to do .
This was a decrease in comparison to the ten powerlifters and one track athlete who were banned from the 2000 Games .
This was a great event in the study of human evolution .
This was a group of French writers .
This was a kind of joke to hide the secret that they had taken off from aircraft carriers .
This was a machine that made books easily and quickly .
This was a magazine that focused on Negro sports issues .
This was a school which trained young people to become church organists and choir directors .
This was a time when lots of gay men moved to live in the Castro District of San Francisco .
This was a very important conducting job and it made him extremely famous .
This was a very long and hard process and had to be done each time people wanted to work something out .
This was a work based on the rhythms of pearl divers in Bahrain .
This was about 1190 .
This was adaptation .
This was against the law .
This was all according to a book Davy Crockett wrote about himself .
This was an absolution of all sin .
This was an absurd gesture since Pascal was totally in debt .
This was an average from 74 reviews .
This was an important part of his life .
This was at the waterside of north Beirut .
This was based on estimated costs of replacing the services nature provides .
This was because he hoped that England would become friends with France .
This was because he was a member of the upper house of Parliament and it was usual for the Premier to be from the lower house .
This was because if a pilot closed his eyes he would miss his target .
This was because it has low level land areas that are affected by hurricanes and tropical storms of the Caribbean .
This was because it was a peaceful time in history .
This was because many Italians died of tropical diseases or left the colonies to find better conditions .
This was because many of the artillery and bombs were not made properly .
This was because more baseball players started to have more cuts and bruises because baseballs were thrown harder .
This was because now bread could be made anytime if only there was fire .
This was because of a bad crash in 1978 .
This was because of problems with hygiene .
This was because of the activities there before 1959 .
This was because of the noise of gunfire he had been exposed to when he was serving as a stretcher bearer in World War I.
This was because the American Civil War started soon after construction started .
This was because the crash happened on a hillside .
This was because the two kingdoms were not united until the Acts of Union in 1707 .
This was because they had some arguments about what was more important in psychology .
This was because they used parts of the first movie .
This was built with support and funding from the Australian Museum .
This was called a suite .
This was called the Boston Massacre .
This was called the Fort Wilson riot .
This was called the Glorious Revolution because no one was killed .
This was called the Han Sythesis .
This was confirmed by the Treaty of the Pyrenees in 1659 .
This was considered by many a landmark case in the Civil Rights movement .
This was different from church music which was based on plainchant which was very free in the way it was sung .
This was different to Josquin des Prez who spent a long time composing his pieces and making changes to them before he let anyone have copies .
This was difficult for his education .
This was done in honor of Lexington and Concord .
This was done in secret .
This was due to overwhelming debts and further predicted hardships from major price cuts planned by the EU .
This was ended by the Athenian victory at the Battle of Marathon .
This was faked by Arminius .
This was followed by the Gandhara style of Buddhist architecture that borrowed elements from the Architecture of ancient Greece .
This was for a project of hr3 which aimed to report about Hessian villages with less than 1000 people living in them .
This was from being wounded or having them blown off by mines or shells .
This was granted by Pope Innocent VIII in 1492 .
This was his first real band since the seventies .
This was important in the early development of molecular biology .
This was important when Sacramento was founded .
This was in easternmost Marie Byrd Land .
This was in order to support a large airborne geophysical survey of eastern Marie Byrd Land by the University of Texas Institute for Geophysics .
This was indeed a great blessing for her and for this poor Bedouin family .
This was indeed the first accurate description of the Camera Obscura phenomenon .
This was inefficient and costly to producers .
This was introduced on the Station to Station album in 1976 .
This was known as grain requisitioning .
This was known as pyrrexhia or trench fever .
This was like the yellow Star of David that Jews had to wear to show who was Jewish .
This was made in order to drill a high resolution ice core over the next three years .
This was made into a film Hilary and Jackie .
This was mainly because people thought that the was unrealistic .
This was named Ramacharitmanasa .
This was necessary because the passenger train was 30 minutes late and there was only one track on the railway line outside the station .
This was not expected by the British who thought there may be a revolt .
This was not sufficient to stop nursing .
This was not the majority .
This was often done by following a chalkline .
This was often done in Japan during WWII when it was a very poor country .
This was one of the largest mass murders at one place during World War II .
This was only six years after Naismith had invented the game .
This was opposed by many people in the Liberal Party who argued that an ETS was unnecessary .
This was part of the Victorian Gold Rush .
This was probably done to hide the fact that her father was unknown .
This was released when men first landed on the moon .
This was replaced by a concrete bridge in 1952 .
This was required in order to receive federal money .
This was said to be the origin of hanami in Japan .
This was seen as an opportunity for the NSDAP .
This was shown by the Austrian ethologist Karl von Frisch .
This was similar to a pantomime .
This was so they would have an honorable death without surrender .
This was the Bill of Rights .
This was the beginning of the huge farming business that California has today .
This was the brutal method of executing one man in ten to encourage the others to fight harder .
This was the closest the Confederacy ever got to winning the war .
This was the day just before Lent .
This was the first Disney Animated feature to be shown in South America before it was screened in the USA .
This was the first German industrial plan .
This was the first Paralympics in which multiple categories of athletes with disabilities could compete .
This was the first World medal for the United States in ice dancing in 20 years .
This was the first major mistake of the battle for South .
This was the first song recorded with Gaye singing as lead vocalist .
This was the first successful slave rebellion .
This was the first time a ruling monarch had watched a Second Division match .
This was the first time that tanks had been used in World War I but because they were only armed lightly and the mechanics of them often went wrong they did not make a great impact .
This was the first time the Ottoman caliph was acknowledged as having political significance outside of Ottoman borders by a European power .
This was the first time the medley relay was an Olympic event .
This was the fourth war between the two neighbors .
This was the instrument on which he learned to play .
This was the moment when Reger decided he wanted to become a musician .
This was the nearest point where slate could be transferred to the standard gauge railway .
This was the only Nazi concentration camp on British soil .
This was the only advance of that night by the Union army .
This was the opposite of an earlier law called in the Manitoba Act of 1870 .
This was the period between the death of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis and the day when Nancy Reagan was widowed .
This was the popular music of its time .
This was the same with scribes .
This was the signal not to stop .
This was the start of European settlement of Australia .
This was the year Mary became 4 .
This was thought to be very bad at that time .
This was to calm down the religious parts of the society .
This was to influence his music .
This was to keep view of the beach nearby .
This was to support operations in northern West Antarctica .
This was to take control of the Council of Wales .
This was unusual because Osiris lived in the Underworld and Ra lived in the Heavens .
This was used by the Nazis against the other political parties .
This was very important in making the future of Australian society .
This was when he was a law clerk .
This way Vishnu could kill Hiranyakashipu without disrupting the boon given to him by Brahma .
This way of eating is controversial among nutritionists and anthropologists .
This way of seeing is called echolocation .
This way of turning functions to other functions is very similar to U Substitution .
This will also happen with two north poles that are put near each other .
This will cost a lot of money .
This will destroy the Ark and kill all the Flood in this area of the Milky Way Galaxy whilst saving the rest .
This will make her the first woman conductor of an important American orchestra .
This will make it very difficult for the sportsmen if they can not eat or drink during daytime .
This will make the average time needed to access the data shorter .
This will mean strict limits on motor car speeds to protect cassowaries that might try to cross some roads .
This will provide enough power for 1.5 million average homes .
This will slowly kill wart tissue .
This will start in 2009 .
This will turn the gun into a spear .
This wind can make some days in winter feel warmer .
This work begins with a prelude which today is extremely popular .
This work defined Polish themed music and is thought to include his greatest works .
This work was unusual because Copland used ideas from jazz music in his concerto .
This worried the literary elite .
This would allow adequate clearance at least on the side with doors and mean that passengers could get out of the carriages if the train stopped underneath a bridge .
This would be difficult .
This would cause pain and swelling of the gland .
This would imply that Mani had access to Mandaean religious literature .
This would later become known as the Parsley Massacre .
This would make religions that are based on revelation unnecessary .
This would prevent them from having sons or having affairs with royal concubines .
This year he made a album called Dynasty and DJ Tiesto co produced .
This zone is 3 hours ahead of Coordinated Universal Time .
Thom is known for his high voiced singing style and the band is known for their different style of rock music .
Thomas Boller and others think that vacuoles help attack bacteria and Robert B Mellor think that some kinds of vacuoles act as a house for symbiotic bacteria .
Thomas Harris has said in many interviews that he only wrote the book because he was afraid that someone else would write a book about Lecter as a child .
Thomas Jefferson was the third President of the United States .
Those are the names by which they are remembered as painters .
Those areas are made to protect the habitats of animals .
Those areas saw over 1 inch of rain .
Those areas should not be disturbed unless a ceremony or ritual is taking place .
Those blue berries are now able to be traded or eaten because of the invested labor time to pick them .
Those each have 4 kilocalories in one gram .
Those few use modern tools on their ancient migration .
Those islands are near the eastern coast of Canada .
Those large cays are being used for tourism because they have beaches with white sand and the presence of coral reefs .
Those marrying also have to be of a certain age to be able to marry .
Those messages tell the brain that the body is being damaged .
Those of the senators who advised against this step were arrested and exiled to Siberia by the representatives of Catherine .
Those plants and animals had carbon in them .
Those powerful people were called the Black Hand .
Those rats lived in the European cities of the day .
Those rivers that flow from the Sierra de Bahoruco sometimes do not have water .
Those rivers that flow to the south of the Cordillera Oriental and into the Caribbean Sea are longer .
Those that have lungs also use the skin or the mouth to get oxygen .
Those unique to Thomas include the Parable of the Assassin and the Parable of the Empty Jar .
Those volcanoes slowly raised until they raised over the water and made the islands .
Those who believe this talk about the unnaturally close relationship that existed between Sophie and Napoleon II .
Those who do survive suffer up to 5th degree burns .
Those who were not good enough to make a career in opera joined church choirs instead .
Though a peaceful people the Kavirondo fight well .
Thousands of Hindu pilgrims arrive at these towns to bathe in the Ganges .
Thousands of boats go into the deep sea to fish and come back with tons of fish .
Thousands of farmers became very poor and and had to move to other parts of the United States .
Thousands of years ago human beings must have discovered the joy of making noises by beating sticks in rhythm .
Three bars before the end we hear the BACH motif in the left hand .
Three finalists are named and the trophy is awarded at the NHL Awards ceremony after the playoffs .
Three finalists are named and the trophy is awarded at the NHL awards ceremony after the end of the playoffs .
Three legions were sent to the Rhine to replace the lost legions .
Three months after Camille was born his father died .
Three months later the fleets clashed again at the Battle of Cape Matapan .
Three of the four founding members of the Ramones died within eight years of the band breaking up .
Three of the gateways in the wall are still standing .
Three of the toes point forwards .
Three of them are larger than the others .
Three people who were born in the town have received the Victoria Cross .
Three players regularly form a side in indoor shorted courts .
Three to four dango are often served on a skewer .
Three years is more common .
Through history such situations tend to end up resolved violently .
Through the centuries it was discovered that cancer could occur anywhere in the body .
Throughout history natron has had many practical uses which are still used in the wide range of modern uses of its constituent mineral components .
Throughout the 1990s he broke records for both sales and concert attendance .
Throughout the city there are some neighborhoods with weird or strange street names .
Throwing a baseball that fast can be bad for the body .
Thus making it the third largest city by population in the county .
Thy sons and daughters true Will proclaim Thee near and far .
Tibet is currently an Autonomous Region inside China .
Tibetan Vajrayana Buddhism has its own texts in the Tibetan and Sanskrit languages .
Tic tac 13 .
Tic tac to cat 20 .
Tic tac to precision 14 .
Tickets must be reserved months in advance .
Tickets that can be used repeatedly until their expiry date require a minimum amount of stored credit .
Tilke also designed the Sepang circuit in Malaysia .
Tilke also designed the buildings used for the circuit .
Timbuktu was also a good place for learning .
Timbuktu was an important city in these empires because a lot of trade across the Sahara Desert went there .
Time Trial is a mode where the player races the clock .
Time is a very important factor .
Timelines are graphical representation of a chronological sequence of events .
Times were hard .
Tin compounds are chemical compounds containing tin ions .
Tinamous are ratites .
Tiny Talent Time is another popular show on CHCH which features many children .
Tiny worms kill earwigs .
Title to Aboriginal land in the Park is held by Aboriginal land trusts .
To avoid errors due to parallax a plane mirror is mounted below the compass needle .
To be eligible for election a candidate for the board must be among the chief executive officers of member companies of the organization .
To dance in imitation of the animal which is going to be hunted is to become one with them .
To digest it an enzyme called lactase cleaves the lactose into its two subunits glucose and galactose for absorption .
To follow the laws of a society is to do legal things .
To get inside the bunker he used the secret passage way that not many people know about .
To get inside the bunker you had to enter through a secret passageway which was hidden under a grassy hill .
To get the deal the band had to change its name to just Marilyn Manson .
To her I cry who ever her foe drove Back from plain and sea And shook herself free .
To hunt fish the eagle swoops down over the water and snatches the fish out of the water with its talons .
To imitate the act of sex is to achieve fertility .
To include them in the Sapindaceae is the more modern classification .
To increase blood pressure athletes will deliberately cause trauma to limbs below a spinal injury .
To inform Mersenne of a discovery was tantamount as to publish it .
To make sure that the treaty was acceptable to the ruler the treaty would not take effect until it was ratified by the ruler .
To name something is to give it a name .
To play he had to have his groin muscle frozen and taped before each game .
To show that the yuan had value it was made equal to Japanese money .
To simple sight it is a combination of techniques of taekwondo with others of aikibudo .
To stay healthy it is important to eat calcium ions every day .
To the east of Saxony is Poland .
To the north and east of the province is the coast of the Atlantic Ocean and to the south is the Caribbean Sea .
To the north is Germany .
To the north is the coast of the Atlantic Ocean .
To the north the goz is overtaken by the desert sands of the Sahara .
To the south is the Caribbean Sea .
To the south of the center is Manchester Airport .
To the south of the province is the Caribbean Sea and the Distrito Nacional .
To the west of Aarau is the canton of Solothurn .
To the west there is a chain of low hills .
To this day the large supporting pillars at the corners of the spire are bent inwards under the stress .
To this was joined in 1867 an Italianate style hotel and forecourt .
To write a name on a cucumber and to throw it into a river is said to save that person from being eaten by the kappa .
Today Capitol Records supervises many smaller record labels .
Today Cathars would not be considered heretics .
Today Manaus is a foreign trade zone .
Today Naples is the capital of Campania and the largest city in southern Italy .
Today Port Louis is the largest city in Mauritius .
Today Sandoz is a part of Novartis .
Today he lives in Italy .
Today in Cambodia most people practice Buddhism .
Today in republic of Karelia Karelians are minority and Russians are majority .
Today it is a National Historic Site in Port Royal in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia .
Today it is a ski resort .
Today it is called Bangladesh .
Today it is famous for its many fine restaurants where typical Italian food is served .
Today it is generally recognized that Hatshepsut assumed the position of Pharaoh .
Today it still remains one of the most popular pieces for children .
Today katanas are mainly made of stainless steel of different quality .
Today many countries and groups of people have different ways of heating and using a sauna .
Today many of the lay clerks in places such as Oxford or Cambridge combine their work as layclerk with studying at University .
Today only a few of the Lapp people still follow the herds .
Today over a hundred baronets of Nova Scotia still exist .
Today saunas can often be found at hotels and places for sports and exercise .
Today she is thought of as one of the greatest cellists of all time .
Today such cards are widely used for
Today the Chinese economy is considered capitalist .
Today the Saalburg houses a museum and is a center for Roman archeology .
Today the abbey serves as a cultural center .
Today the city is part of Lower Saxony .
Today the dialect speakers are a minority and the majority of them does not speak the real dialect .
Today the language is taught in some state schools .
Today the pantomime is traditionally performed at Christmas .
Today this river is one of the most polluted in the world .
Today we use the shopping cart .
Todd Rundgren was the producer of some of their recordings .
Toft was eventually released without charge and returned to her home .
Tofu is made from pressing soybeans into cubes and then boiling them .
Tofu is often in soups and stews .
Together the two cities with Temara have a population of 1.8 million .
Together they have four sons .
Together they looked at spiral bacteria in gastritis .
Together with Ash Ra Tempel and Agitation Free they made Berlin School possible .
Together with Galileo Galilei he constructed the laws how a mass falls in an empty space .
Together with his contributions to confessional documents for use in churches it founded the direct personal influence on Protestantism of Calvin .
Together with people from the SA they were used as a police force .
Tolson was portrayed by Denzel Washington in the film The Great Debaters .
Tomorrowland is based on visions of the future .
Tone town became Taunton .
Tonic water is frequently used to make an alcoholic beverage known as gin and tonic .
Too Many Pears !
Too much carbon dioxide gas can also kill and harm many living things .
Too much water can make rivers overflow and cause floods .
Tool signed to Zoo Entertainment in November 1991 .
Tools assist people during the course of their work or everyday life .
Tools that are used to do mathematics or find answers to mathematics problems .
Toothpaste often contains xanthan gum to give the toothpaste a smooth texture .
Topics related to the area of study of Biochemistry .
Torchwood Series Two sees Jack promise both Gwen and Ianto that they were the reason he returned to Cardiff .
Torres Strait Islander communities on the mainland are at Bamaga and Seisia .
Toscanini refused .
Touchup
Tourism causes big changes to Kakadu National Park with hundreds of thousands of visitors arriving annually .
Tourism has been important in Kashmir for many years .
Tourism is a large industry in southern Maine because of its many beaches and picturesque coastal villages .
Tourism is a major business in most of Tasmania .
Tourism is a major foreign currency earner .
Tourism is also a related acivity .
Tourism is an important activity in Boca Chica because there is a beach with white sand .
Tourism is the main source of income in this city .
Tourism is very important in the province because of the beautiful beaches in the province .
Tourists from various part of the country and world are coming to madurai and enjoying a historical excellence .
Tourists visit Kashmir from all over the world irrespective of nationality and religion .
Tourists visiting pay a fee to see the cathedral when there is no service .
Tourists who visit Canberra come to see the many national monuments and other famous sights .
Towards the end of 1950 he continues to act as a guest on TV shows both in Britain and the United States and canada .
Toyota had withdrawn from F1 in late 2009 .
Toys Limited .
Trace impurities of various other elements can have a significant effect on the quality of the resulting steel .
Trade is common between the 2 countries .
Trade with Asia was common .
Traders carried saffron for long distances before the 2nd millennium BC .
Traditional Brazilian samba includes the samba which is danced solo at Carnival .
Traditional Faroese food is mainly based on meat and potatoes and uses few fresh vegetables .
Traditional Swedish variations can be somewhat exotic .
Traditional classification is often paraphyletic .
Traditional owners have also expected that having their land managed as a national park would assist them in looking after their land in the face of growing and competing pressures .
Traditional tatami are packed with straw .
Traffic is not allowed in many streets in the town center .
Tragedy struck when Catherine Parr died while having the baby in August of that year and Jane served as chief mourner in her funeral .
Trains come more often at busy times of the day .
Trans fats are created in the food industry by treating other types of fats and giving them a different structure .
Trans fats are the most unhealthy fats to eat and can cause heart disease .
Transitional dialects to Panjabi .
Translation is described by parameter and dilatation by parameter .
Transport in England by subdivision .
Transport in the London Borough of Barnet .
Transportation There is a taxi stand in the square of Fira .
Trash bins and mail boxes have been removed from station platforms and concourse levels to station entrances .
Travel between cities by bus is also popular .
Treaties are signed by members of the government of a country .
Treatment for Bacterial meningitis consists of IV antibiotics .
Trench Foot was an infection caused by standing in the wet for a long time and not being able to dry your shoes and socks out .
Tricycles are available for 24 hours .
Tricyclic antidepressants are the oldest kind of medicine for depression .
Triple H said that Evolution needed to stick together and went with him anyway .
Triple H saved him from the vehicle before he got hit .
Triple H told Batista not enter the Royal Rumble .
Troops of the king were stationed in Wantage during the English Civil War .
Troops vary in size from a few individuals to up to several hundred members .
Tropical Storm Fay also reached land here in 2008 .
Tropical cyclone rainbands include rain showers and thunderstorms .
Tropical cyclones are common during summer and made a lot of damage and many people die .
Tropical cyclones that form in the western north Pacific are called typhoons .
Trou aux Cerfs is considered the main attractions of Curepipe .
Troy Aikman was a very good quarterback for the Cowboys .
True capillaries come from mainly from metarterioles and provide movement between cells and the circulation .
True carnivory has probably evolved independently at least six times .
True crocodiles arrived in the Upper Cretaceous .
True parrots are birds of the family Psittacidae .
Truman became chairman of a committee to investigate defense spending during World War 2 .
Truman ordered the Berlin Airlift which flew in tons of food to West Germany to feed the starving people .
Tubular steel bumpers are fitted to the body and floorpan to protect the engine and those riding in the car .
Tumors of the salivary glands can occur .
Tupper had been Canadian High Commissioner to the United Kingdom .
Turgo and Crossflow turbines were later impulse designs .
Turk was not drafted but started his football career in 1995 with the Washington Redskins .
Turkey bacon and chicken bacon usually contain half of the fat of pork based bacon .
Turkish MB commandos came 1st in 22 of 24 exercises .
Turmalina was produced by Latin maker Kike Santander .
Turn 10 was named Singapore Sling .
Turn 7 was named Memorial because it is near a Second World War civilian memorial .
Turn vault 11 .
Turnage studied at the Royal College of Music and won all the major prizes .
Turner has starred in numerous television programs and theatrical films .
Turning Ravenscraig from an empty field into a site for steelworks .
Turpin was born in Leamington Spa and became a professional boxer in 1946 .
Tusks are usually twisted in a counterclockwise direction and are hollow inside .
Tuxedo Mask can throw sharp rose darts at the enemies .
Twenty separate islands and atolls are part of the state of Hawaii .
Twenty years later he decided to do try it .
Twin cities of Yalova are Bonn in Germany and Mahachkala in Russia .
Twined baskets have flexible weavers that are twined around the spokes in a variety of patterns .
Twisted !
Twitty continues to make television appearances when there are new developments in the case .
Twitty has stated that she has received copies of police statements stating that Joran van der Sloot admitted having sex with Holloway at his home and described intimate details of her .
Two More Lonely People
Two areas from the series have been used in the Super Smash Bros. series .
Two arms hold the vina .
Two days before primary election day Bernard Dickmann also said that he wanted Harry to win instead of stark .
Two federal Migratory Bird Sanctuaries were founded on the island in 1961 .
Two flying geese save him .
Two giants have been building an enormous castle for the gods .
Two groups of people want her to stop .
Two groups of police from Wagga Wagga and Gundagai went to the farm .
Two groups pick people to add to the Hall of Fame .
Two important jazz fusion albums are In a Silent Way and Bitches Brew .
Two missions were set up in the region in the early part of the century .
Two new provinces were created from the original province of Barahona .
Two of the most famous basilicas of this sort are the Basilica of St. Francis of Assisi and the Basilica of St. Anthony of Padua .
Two of the most famous growing areas for wine in California are the Napa and Sonoma counties .
Two of them can be accessed by a platform .
Two or more babies are calves .
Two or more players are needed for a game .
Two other notable newspapers are the Cherokee Scout and the Towns County Herald .
Two people chosen to represent those outside were invited into the fortress to talk with the Governor .
Two people were injured and one was killed in attacks by an unidentified extremist group who attacked the bazaar shooting and killing the watchman of the Seven Stars music center .
Two platforms make an island in the middle of the station .
Two players regularly form a side in courts divided by a net like tennis .
Two secular buildings and typical of Italian immigrants .
Two songs from the album were very popular across the world .
Two teams fight for the control of 3 flags put strategically on the map .
Two teams fight to get as more kills as they can in a limited time or a limited number of kills .
Two toes face forward and two toes face back .
Two types are currently under construction .
Two weeks later a French envoy continued to foment the revolutionary opinions of the city .
Two years later Popper slipped on an icy pavement .
Tying itself in a knot helps hagfish do this .
Typical computer applications access data in very similar ways .
Typically the inner container is immersed about halfway into the working liquid .
Typically they will grow about 30 centimetres a year until mature although this varies depending on variety and location .
U.S. Marines fighting on Guadalcanal found them very effective against Japanese positions .
U.S. Republicans hostile to the plan had also gained seats in the 1950 Congressional elections .
UK Single CD1 Cat .
UNC Charlotte is in Mecklenburg County but is close Cabarrus and is easy to get to by driving on Interstate 85 .
UNIP was the only legal party and all other parties were banned .
UPS Airlines is a cargo airline that serves the airport .
Uccello had to paint a clock face around the hand on the inside wall .
Uccello has painted it to look like a statue of the soldier on his horse .
Uccello painted the round clockface into a square shape and put the head of a prophet in each corner .
Uccello studied perspective all his life in a way that was quite obsessive .
Uccello told them that it was because of the cheese .
Uccello worked there for 8 years .
Ujjain is well known for its mythological reasons .
Ultimately FitzGerald made his entry into party politics under the banner of Fine Gael .
Umstead Park is between Raleigh and Cary .
Un Argentino en New York was watched by 1.634.702 people in Argentina .
Unable to escape people tried to climb the walls of the park .
Under his governance Gabon had just one political party between 1968 and 1990 .
Under that is a thin liquid layer called the outer core and then the solid iron inner core .
Under the Local Government Act 1972 the council was reconstituted as a metropolitan borough council in 1974 .
Under the Umayyads the Caliphate grew rapidly geographically .
Under the laws of a state it may be considered treason or a high crime to betray a sworn oath of office .
Under the oceans in some places it is only 6 kilometers thick .
Under the tall canopy is the understory .
Under these laws it was permitted to shoot Aboriginal people if they resisted .
Underbar 31 .
Underfloor radiant heating systems can be installed as either wet or dry systems .
Underground working began in the early 1840s .
Underneath the cloth of billiard tables is a very hard rock called slate .
Underneath the earth Alberich is forcing the Nibelungs to work for him .
Underneath were the bright colors that showed what the frescoes should look like .
United Empire Loyalists moved into the Hamilton area during and after the American Revolution .
United Nations In 2011 the United Nations peacekeepers in Congo Zaire are in a crisis .
Unlike our tongue it is used for cutting and chewing food before it enters the esophagus .
Unlike the members of the orders of chivalry and a knight bachelor a baronet can pass his title to his children .
Unlike the other states it is an island .
Unter der Linde is the most famous of these .
Until 1926 Hughes did many different types of work .
Until 1930 it was growing .
Until 1934 they managed to make all other parties illegal .
Until 1972 it was the unbeatable team of the northern areas .
Until 1975 Banff was the county town of Banffshire .
Until 2003 the stadium and the large amount of land that is around it was owned by Barnsley Football Club .
Until fairly recently most scientists thought that the reason that humans preferred the left or right sides of their body was because they could speak .
Until the beginning of the 12 .
Until the end of 1944 the Allies had been able to recapture France and Belgium from Germany .
Untouchables were people considered lowest in the social order .
Up until this time the female dancers had much more attention than the male dancers .
Upon reunification she was named a Minister Without Portfolio .
Uranium and plutonium are examples of radioactive materials .
Urdu and English are also spoken by the people .
Urdu and Punjabi are also major languages .
Urine helps remove bad chemicals from the body .
Urmia Lake has shallow borders with lots of mud .
Usagi also has some friends who fight evil .
Usagi has a cat named Luna .
Use a brush and clean under fingernails .
Use moisturizing lotion so hands do not dry if the hands are being washed many times every day .
Use more than enough soap and water and rub each part of the hands again and again .
Use more water to take off the soap and dry hands paper towel .
Use running water again and again to take off all soap .
Use to add category pages to this category .
Use to add pages to this category .
Users outside computer science usually call this cache virtual memory .
Using GO however is not a part of the HSR .
Using a freezer will allow for it to be kept a longer time .
Using a saw to cut materials is dangerous because of sharp edges and care must be taken not to let sharp edges touch the skin .
Using deduction is what makes mathematical thinking different from other kinds of thinking .
Using different dating methods may be required to confirm the age of a sample .
Using local hard disks as caches is the main concept of hierarchical storage management .
Using radiant heating outdoors is much more practical than heating air because the air is always moving outside .
Usually grasses and herbs are grown on it .
Usually it is located in a city or urban area .
Usually it is located near the sea .
Usually it is separated from other traffic by a concept called grade separation .
Usually it is when a country is brought into another one or when an outside force is trying to destroy the current government .
Usually people have to be awake and conscious to have hallucinations .
Usually people that are unable to completely care for themselves .
Usually people use it to do backups .
Usually pilgrims go on a seven day roundtrip around the religious sites .
Usually rats are bigger than mice .
Usually the animals have a color that blends in nicely with the sandy surroundings .
Usually the black belt is for the masters .
Usually the famous conductor will come to rehearse the orchestra for the last few days of the course .
Usually the person will have to make a promise in a court of law .
Usually the royal house of Saxony means the rulers of the Kingdom of Saxony .
Usually the salt is mixed with rock that has chlorides and sulfates .
Usually the vassal provided soldiers to the lord .
Usually there are machines where one has to pay and then display a ticket inside the car .
Usually there is also a spiritual part of marriage .
Usually these paintings were made in Prehistoric times .
Usually they are followed by tanks and other military vehicles .
Usually they are pictograms .
Usually they form an image shaped like a rectangle .
Usually they started as an church parish of the same name .
Usually they would never do anything to upset their owners .
Usually this is somewhere from 6 to 8 characters .
Usucha makes a lighter and slightly more bitter tea .
Uthal is the district headquarters .
Uthman was killed by members of an opposition group .
VIP is made more than it should in a VIPoma .
Vaan is a fake character in the Final Fantasy series .
Vaan is the main character in Final Fantasy XII .
Vaas is a commune .
Vacallo is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Vaccination is when a person is given something to make the immune system learn to fight an infectious disease .
Vaccinations of animals are used both to prevent their contracting diseases and to prevent transmission of disease to humans .
Vaccine production techniques are evolving .
Vaccines also can make people very sick .
Vaccines do not guarantee complete protection from a disease .
Vaccines may be monovalent or multivalent .
Vaccinium is a genus of plants .
Vacheron Constantin is a Swiss watch manufacture .
Vacheron Constantin is one of the oldest watchmakers .
Vacheron Constantin opened 15 boutiques and 500 shops in 80 countries of the world .
Vacqueyras is a commune .
Vacuums are also used in many physics experiments involving environments with no matter .
Vader is the main character of the Dark Side of the Star Wars series .
Vaginoplasty is surgery to shape a vagina .
Vagrancy is a phenomenon in biology when animals appear very far from their normal range .
Vail is a town in the American state of Colorado .
Vaishnavism made its entry in Manipur during the reign of King Charairongba .
Vaishya is a division of the caste system .
Vajrayana Buddhism comes from Mahayana Buddhism .
Vajrayana is sometimes known as Tantric Buddhism in the west .
Vajrayana was developed in Northern India around the 7th century .
Valais did not follow the Protestant Reformation .
Valais is mostly French speaking .
Valbonne is a commune .
Valcolla is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Valdeblore is a commune .
Valderoure is a commune .
Valdez is a city in Alaska .
Valdivia is most known for being the most affected city by the Great Chilean Earthquake .
Vale of Leven F.C. is a football club which plays in Scotland .
Valeins is a commune .
Valence electrons are important in how a chemical element reacts with other elements .
Valennes is a commune .
Valentin Berlinsky retired from the Borodin Quartet in September 2007 .
Valentin learned the violin from his father .
Valentin often showed this piece of paper to people .
Valentine gave to the married pairs flowers from his garden .
Valentinite is a mineral .
Valery Gergiev is the artistic director of the White Nights Festival in St. Petersburg .
Valeyrac is a commune .
Valhuon is a commune .
Validity is an idea that comes from logic .
Valka is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1584 .
Vallauris is a commune .
Vallemaggia is a district of the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Valletta is the capital city of Malta .
Valleys like this are often deep and very narrow .
Valleys of this type are very useful for growing food crops .
Valleys often start as a downward fold between two upward folds in the surface of the Earth .
Valmiera is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1323 .
Valmiki taught the two children .
Valparaiso is a city of Florida in the United States .
Valparaiso is a city of Indiana in the United States .
Value can be described as the amount of labor time used to create a commodity .
Value is created by adding work to something .
Valverde is a province of the Dominican Republic .
Valya Balkanska was born in a hamlet consisting of seven houses near the village of Arda in the Rhodope Mountains .
Vampirates is a series of young adult fantasy books .
Vampire Sucks is a 2010 American parody film directed and written by Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer .
Vampire bats is a subfamily of bats .
Vampire bats live in Latin America .
Vampires are monsters in legends and stories .
Vampires may be modeled on the bats .
Vampires were once people but have a supernatural curse .
Vampyromorphida is an order of cephalopods .
Van Buren left the school when he was 14 years old .11411
Van Buren lost the next presidential election in 1840 to William Henry Harrison .
Van Buren represented New York in the United States Senate from 1821 to 1828 .
Van Buren studied law by working for Francis Sylvester and later became a lawyer in 1803 .
Van Cliburn is an American pianist .
Van Diemen had sent Tasman to explore the area in 1642 .
Van Riebeeck was born in Culemborg in the Netherlands as the son of a surgeon .
Van der Sloot indicated that he still maintains that he left Holloway behind on the beach .
Van der Sloot subsequently returned to Aruba and was incarcerated .
Vanadium is a metal and is part of the group known as the transition metals .
Vanadium is chemical element 23 on the periodic table .
Vanceburg is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Vancouver Island is in the province of British Columbia in Canada .
Vancouver Royals were a Canadian association football team .
Vancouver also has Stanley Park which has beaches and totem poles .
Vancouver grew again and in 1997 grew again to almost its present size .
Vancouver is just north of the Columbia River and west of the volcanic Cascade Range mountains and the Columbia gorge .
Vandalia is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Vandalism is a crime that is done by destroying or damaging the property of another .
Vande Mataram is the national song of India .
Vandeins is a commune .
Vanilla is a flavoring .
Vantaa has been a city since 1974 .
Vanuatu is a country in the Pacific Ocean .
Vanuatu national football team is the national football team of Vanuatu .
Vaquita have a dark coloring around the eyes and mouth .
Varaha is a Sanskrit language word that means a boar .
Varambon is a commune .
Varanidae contains the living genus Varanus and some extinct groups .
Varanidae is a group of lizards of the superfamily Varanoidea .
Varaville is a commune .
Varese is a city in northern Italy .
Varese is in the Lombardy Region with a population of 96.917 inhabitants .
Varikek is a player for the Boston Red Sox .
Various forms of tamburello are popular in several nations of the world currently .
Various marketing ideas were used to promote the release of Halo 3 .
Various organizations exist in part to support the rights of homosexual or gay men and women to marry people of the same sex .
Variscourt is a commune .
Varkala is a famous tourist place .
Vasa sank because she was too heavy on top .
Vasa was a big Swedish warship .
Vasa was a very expensive ship and was one of the largest in the world .
Vasari confused their similar sounding names .
Vasari writes that Masaccio was not very famous in his own time .
Vascular tissue is a complex tissue found in vascular plants .
Vasil Levski is a Bulgarian hero .
Vasil Levski was executed in 1873 .
Vasiliy won the first World Senior Chess Championship in 1991 .
Vassens is a commune .
Vasseny is a commune .
Vassogne is a commune .
Vates has been translated as prophet or soothsayer .
Vaubadon is a commune .
Vaucelles is a commune .
Vaud is a canton of Switzerland .
Vaudeloges is a commune .
Vaudesson is a commune .
Vaudringhem is a commune .
Vaudry is a commune .
Vaugines is a commune .
Vauxaillon is a commune .
Vauxbuin is a commune .
Vauxhall Astra is a car produced by Vauxhall since 1979 .
Vauxhall Bridge is a steel and granite bridge in central London .
Vauxhall rail station is served by South West Trains services to and from London Waterloo .
Vauxhall station is an important railway station in the London district of Vauxhall .
Vauxhall underground is served by the Victoria Line and is between Pimlico and Stockwell .
Vauxrezis is a commune .
Vauxtin is a commune .
Vector control is not the only way to stop malaria .
Vector control is one way to stop malaria .
Vector graphic images are rasterised that way .
Vector means an organism that carries an infectious disease to another organism .
Vegan pancakes try to be like the American pancake by using direct substitues such as egg substitute and soy milk .
Vegetable oil obtained from the leaves is used to make perfumes .
Vegetables and whole grains are common sources of complex carbohydrates .
Vegetation along the coastal strip ranges from evergreen forests to nearly impenetrable mangroves .
Velvet in one of these clothes with nap .
Vengerov took Israeli citizenship and served for a short time in the Israeli Army .
Verde means green in Portuguese .
Verger survived when Lecter tried to eat his face .
Very bright supernovae have been seen at the position of some of the nearest GRBs .
Very close by is a big square called Maximiliansplatz .
Very famous is its Altstadt .
Very few adult Papilioninae species migrate .
Very few people still live this way anywhere in the world .
Very few people understood it .
Very fine yarn is called thread and is used in sewing and embroidery .
Very frequent and compulsive masturbation may be seen as a sign of sexual addiction .
Very heavy rain in January 2007 took about six weeks to reach the lake but put only a small amount of water into it .
Very little is known about Fabrosaurus since only a portion of a jaw has been found .
Very little is known about this whale .
Very little of its fossilized bones have been found so scientists are still deciding what to call this dinosaur .
Very often the player will hold the instrument high in the air .
Very often there are alleys which run perpendicular to the main street .
Very often they are found on flat land .
Very often they grow larger than rabbits .
Very often this states general things and says that the cantons must follow this rule .
Very tiny black holes would die and turn into energy before they could hurt people .
Very valuable wood is taken from the trees of the rain forest .
Vice Admiral Takijiro Onishi was in charge of the Japanese Air Force in Manila .
Victims of this disorder are typically perfectionists that have trouble showing their emotions .
Viewers Choice was available to both home satellite dish and cable customers .
Vikernes was found guilty of arson and the murder of another black metal guitarist .
Vikernes was up for parole in 2008 but it was denied .
Village of Thatta has been one of the most important villages of the District .
Villeneuve could not drive due to complications following his accident at the German Grand Prix .
Vintage is the time between grapes been picked and then turned into wine .
Vishnevskaya was married to the cellist Mstislav Rostropovich from 1955 until his death in 2007 .
Visitor and Siddig divorced in 2001 .
Visitor is the niece of American actress Cyd Charisse .
Visitor married fellow Star Trek actor Alexander Siddig in 1997 .
Visitors can experience Kakadu National Park with a recognized tour operator or they can drive themselves .
Visitors need to be careful around crocodiles as they have been responsible for a number of fatal attacks .
Voldemort is a very bad kid .
Voldemort is angry .
Voldemort wants to be the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher .
Volks is the most popular company .
Voters were required to select one player from each team .
Voting closed when the match is over .
Voyager 1 confirmed in 1980 that there were two moons that share the same orbit .
WWE wrestler The Miz was born in Parma .
WWE.com reported that Batista suffered a muscle tear in his back at the taping for the November 11 2005 edition of SmackDown ! .
Waarschoot is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
Waasmunster is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
Wabash is a city of Indiana in the United States .
Waben is a commune .
Wachtebeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
Wacquinghen is a commune .
Wadi Halfa is a home of Geology and earth science college with student body of more than 500 students .
Wadi Halfa is now one of fastest growing cities in Sudan .
Wagenhausen is a municipality of the district of Steckborn in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Wagner also made tours across Germany to get money for it .
Wagner thought he was very talented and got him some conducting jobs .
Wagner wanted the audience to be able to concentrate properly on the action on the stage instead of being distracted by watching the orchestra .
Wagner wanted the festival to be in a small town where people could just concentrate on his music .
Wagner watched the construction all the time and made sure that everything was built in the way he wanted .
Wagoner County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Wahlenbergia is a genus of between 150 and 270 species of flowering plants in the family Campanulaceae .
Wailly is a commune .
Wainwright is a city in Alaska .
Wait Until Dark is a suspense thriller film starring Audrey Hepburn as a blind woman who is terrorized by 3 crooks looking for a doll stuffed with heroine .
Waiting for Guffman is a musical mockumentary film made in 1997 .
Waiting too long makes it hard to collect evidence .
Wake County has more people than any other county in North Carolina except Mecklenburg County .
Wake County has seven colleges and universities .
Wake County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Wake County is the 9th fastest growing county in the United States .
WakeMed also has many smaller hospitals throughout the county
Walburga died on 25 February 779 and that day still carries her name in the Catholic calendar .
Walchwil is a municipality in the canton of Zug in Switzerland .
Walcourt is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur .
Waldenburg is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Waldo is a city of Florida in the United States .
Waldron is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Waldsassen is a town in Bavaria .
Walenstadt is a small city in the east of Switzerland .
Wales has a population of just under three million people .
Wales is a city in Alaska .
Wales national football team is the national football team of Wales .
Walgreens is a pharmacy chain throughout North America .
Walhain is a municipality found in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
Walid Eido was Sunni Muslim .
Walk This Way is a hit debut studio album released in April of 2008 by the alternative rock band The White Tie Affair .
Walker was an American soldier who believed slavery was good .
Walkman is the invention as well as the brand name of Sony .
Wall and overhead radiant heating systems are usually made of aluminum panels hung on the walls or ceiling .
Wall of Voodoo is a rock band from the United States .
Wall run 12 .
Wall spin 36 .
Wallace and Gromit are the main characters in a series of animations by Aardman Animations .
Wallace is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Wallace is an absent minded inventor while Gromit is his faithful dog .
Wallbach is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Wallins Creek is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Walloon is a Romance language .
Walloon is spoken in Wallonia in Belgium and in some villages in Wisconsin in the United States .
Wallpaper is a kind of paper used to cover walls inside of houses and buildings .
Wallpaper is used to decorate the inside of buildings instead of paint .
Wallpaper was first used in Europe around the year 1500 .
Wallpaper was made to look like rugs that hang on walls because they were like pictures .
Wally lives in a zoo .
Walmlsey was shot and killed soon after .
Walnut Ridge is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Walnuts are plants that occur mostly in the northern hemisphere .
Walruses can change colors depending on how warm they are .
Walruses have lots of things similar to true seals and eared seals .
Walruses have very long teeth that grow out of their mouths .
Walsall F.C. is an English football team .
Walt Disney Pictures started as a Disney division in 1983 .
Walt Disney World Resort is owned and operated by the Walt Disney Parks and Resorts segment of The Walt Disney Company .
Walt Disney and Warner Bros both made famous cartoons .
Walt Disney built the resort to have a big lake between the parking lot and the park so guests would have a magical experience watching the park come slowly into view .
Walt Disney started the Walt Disney Studios and created the first full length animated movie when he created Snow White and the Seven Dwarves .
Waltenschwil is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Walter L. Voegtlin first made the modern Paleolithic diet popular in the 1970s .
Walter Mikac is an Australian writer and motivational speaker .
Walter Murphy is a classically trained pianist .
Walter and Luis Alvarez suggested in 1980 that a 10 k asteroid struck Earth 65 million years ago at the end of the Cretaceous period .
Walters asked them to tell the airport what was happening .
Walters had always dreamed of flying .
Walters had first thought of using weather balloons to fly at age 13 .
Walters hiked in the San Gabriel Mountains and did volunteer work for the United States Forest Service .
Walters is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Walters received the top prize from the Bonehead Club of Dallas for his adventure .
Walters said that he had dreamed about flying this way for twenty years .
Walters tried to have the fine canceled .
Walters was able to climb to the ground .
Walther was the first poet to write national and patriotic poetry .
Walton is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Walton was born to Thomas Gibson Walton and Nancy Lee Walton .
Waltrip won three Nascar Sprint cup championships and the 1989 Daytona 500 .
Waluigi has been looked down upon by others as well .
Wamac is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Wambercourt is a commune .
Wamin is a commune .
Wancourt is a commune .
Wannanosaurus was the smallest known ornithischian dinosaur .
Wannosaurus means Wanno lizard .
Wanquetin is a commune .
Wantage appears in the Domesday Book of 1086 .
Wapanucka is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
War Communism was introduced for many reasons .
War began between the United Kingdom and France in 1803 .
War can hurt people on both sides .
War is any fighting that includes the organized use of weapons and harmful force between countries or other groups of people .
WarGames has a cult following amongst computer users and fans of the 1980s .
WarGames is a 1985 film starring Matthew Broderick and Ally Sheedy and directed by John Badham .
Warcraft is a series of computer games made by Blizzard Entertainment .
Wardner is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Wardrecques is a commune .
Waregem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
Warer vapor is a big cause of the greenhouse effect .
Warfield is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Wario Land 4 is a video game for the Game Boy Advance .
Wario arrives and has to defeat a golden diva that has turned the princess in to a cat .
Wario has gotten seven of his friends to help make games for him .
Wario is a character from Nintendos popular video game series Mario .
Warlordism is also known in Afghanistan and Somalia .
Warlordism is the inevitable consequence of anarchy .
Warlords appear when a state collapses .
Warlus is a commune .
Warluzel is a commune .
Warm River is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Warm fronts move more slowly than cold fronts .
Warming Centers are mostly for people who are homeless who do not stay in homeless shelters .
Warmness on the Soul is a song by American heavy metal band Avenged Sevenfold .
Warne also scored a property crime risk of 45 .
Warne is also in close proximity to Blairsville Airport .
Warne is also served by 11 local radio stations .
Warner Bros are a very large company .
Warner Bros. is known for Looney Tunes .
Warner Music Group is a record label from New York City .
Warr Acres is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Warren G. Harding made the mistake of appointing his friends to high political positions .
Warren Street tube station is a London Underground station .
Warren is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Warren was born in Los Angeles and grew up in Bakersfield before moving to Oakland .
Warrenville is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Warrior is a city in Jefferson and Blount County in the U.S. state of Alabama .
Warriors used the weapon against horsemen .
Warsaw is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Warsaw is a city of Indiana in the United States .
Warsaw is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Warship is an American rock band that formed in 2008 .
Warship was an extremely popular British television drama series produced by the BBC between 1973 and 1977 .
Warships come in many different sizes .
Warthogs are found in moist and arid savannas .
Warts are growths on the skin .
Warwick Castle has a dungeon .
Wasabi is Japanese horseradish .
Wasabi is a spice from the cabbage family .
Wasabi is also used with many other Japanese foods .
Wasabi is sold as a paste or in powder form .
Wasabi needs clean water and cool climate .
Wasabi powder has to be mixed with water to be turned into a paste .
Wash the hands and arms to the elbows again and again .
Washing is an essential part of good hygiene and health .
Washington County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Washington D.C. is called many things by many different people .
Washington University of St. Louis is a research university in St. Louis .
Washington had been taking measures to start a good relationship with Iraq for roughly a decade .
Washington is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Washington is a city of Indiana in the United States .
Washington was drafted out of the University of Nebraska by the Baltimore Ravens with the 23rd pick in the first round of the 2005 NFL Draft .
Washita County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Wasps have biting mouthparts and antennae with 12 or 13 segments .
Wassigny is a commune .
Waste is usually buried in landfills .
Waste items such as carbon dioxide and urea can move back into the blood to be carried away for removal from the body .
Waste may also be something that you can not touch as wasted time or wasted opportunities .
Watch towers were popular in the Middle Ages .
Watchet is a harbor town in the county of Somerset in England .
Water Bottled water is recommended for drinking .
Water Valley is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Water also helps the blood carry oxygen from the lungs to the body .
Water balloons are a kind of toy .
Water buffalo have had a big influence on the Kakadu region as well .
Water can be seen flowing out of the ground .
Water content means the amount of water a porous medium contains .
Water flows into it from the Oglio river .
Water from the Lachlan is used for farming .
Water from these rivers comes from the granitic areas and is very pure .
Water gardening is growing plants in ornamental pools and ponds .
Water has a surface tension .
Water heating is a thermodynamic process using an energy source to heat water above its initial temperature .
Water helps blood carry nutrients from the stomach to all parts of the body to keep the body alive .
Water helps make urine .
Water in households Water in private households is the smallest part of the world water consumption .
Water in the world
Water inside the organism would move from inside the cell to its outside environment .
Water is a molecule made of 2 hydrogen atoms and 1 oxygen atom .
Water is a necessary thing to live .
Water is also used for recreational purposes .
Water is an unusual substance .
Water is essential for life as we know it .
Water is the easiest way to get rid of wallpaper .
Water is the most common liquid on Earth .
Water is very important for life .
Water may be difficult to find in such climates .
Water polo is a sport played in the water with a ball .
Water polo is a team game .
Water pressure decreases to zero as it passes through the turbine blades and gives up its energy .
Water testing in May 2006 said there are Coliform bacteria in four wells within Carlisle .
Water that comes out of a tap is called tap water .
Water turbines have had both positive and negative impacts on the environment .
Water turbines were developed in the nineteenth century and were widely used for industrial power prior to electrical grids .
Water vapor affects weather conditions .
Water vapor is transparent .
Water wheels have been used for thousands of years for industrial power .
Waterboarding has been in use in Guantanamo Bay and has been a major political fiasco .
Waterboarding is a procedure that has been used to make people confess .
Waterbury is a town in the state of Connecticut .
Watercress also helps with skin problems .
Watercress is also known as tall nasturtium .
Watercress is related to the cabbage and mustard plants .
Watercress is used in many recipes .
Watercress packs have a lot of nutrients .
Waterfalls are usually made when a river is young .
Waterford United F.C. is a football club which plays in Republic of Ireland .
Waterfowl are any type of bird that spends a lot of its life in or near water .
Waterloo is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Waterloo is the county seat of Black Hawk County .
Waterparks have grown in popularity since they started in the late 1940s .
Watership Down is a novel written by Richard Adams .
Waterworld is a 1995 science fiction movie .
Watford F.C. are an English football club who play near London .
Watigny is a commune .
Watling Street is the name of an ancient trackway in England .
Watonga is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Watseka is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Watson and Crick published their proposed DNA double helix structure in a paper in the journal Nature in April 1953 .
Watt did not go to school every day .
Watterson Park is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Watterson decided that it was not important to explain how Calvin and Hobbes had first met .
Wauchula is a city of Florida in the United States .
Waukegan is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Waurika is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Wausau is a city in Marathon County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
Waverly is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Waverly is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Waves are found everywhere in the natural world .
Wavre is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
Waxing can pull small pieces of skin off the body .
Waxing is a method of removing hair from the body .
Waxing removes the whole hair including the root .
Waxing rips the hair out of the skin and often causes pain .
WayOutWest Records is an independent record label from London .
Wayland is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Wayland was the Germanic god of blacksmiths .
Waynesboro is a city of Virginia in the United States .
Waynoka is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Wazirabad is situated on the banks of the Chenab River nearly 100 kilometres north of Lahore on the Grand Trunk Road .
We Dance .
We are in the position of a little child entering a huge library filled with books in many different languages .
We are like grain .
We are not sure what he is doing .
We call them folkloric dances .
We call these transgendered or transsexual men .
We called this overcultivation .
We called this overgrazing .
We can get an alternate form by substituting .
We can look at the history of this magnetic field today to look back at the many flips in the past .
We can not be sure about this .
We can not be sure when exactly Samuel was born .
We can not tell .
We can say that the California Gold Rush ended in 1855 .
We can then calculate the current to be and so there are going through the resistor
We do not know if he was real or just a myth .
We do not know much for certain about his early life .
We do not know the name of the bodyguard .
We do not know whether Walther went with him on the crusade .
We get manganese from our food and vitamins also have some manganese to make sure that we get enough .
We have a Pope !
We have a lot more technology available today and it is easier to find the weak spots of the enemy bases .
We know about some of the funny things he said because his friend James Boswell wrote a book about him .
We know nothing about his sexual life .
We know of no bird which weighed more than half a metric ton .
We know that he was extremely interested in music when he was small and showed very little interest in anything else .
We know that less rain will fall once the trees are gone .
We know this from the writings of Saint Thomas Aquinas on the prayer .
We know very little about his life .
We know we are beautiful .
We look forward to your best wishes .
We never die because we are One with Nature .
We pray for your blessings and sing your praise .
We say they are adapted to this environment .
We take pride in you !
We use these units to help us divide all time into smaller parts or pieces of time .
We will sacrifice our lives and our labors to protect the Union .
Weapons range from normal human weapons such as pistols and shotguns up to heavy weapons like rocket launchers and sniper rifles .
Wear Cape .
Wear long pants and shirts with long sleeves .
Weathering by rain washes out CO2 in the form of dilute carbonic acid .
Web caches reduce the amount of information that needs to be transmitted over the network .
Webb recently returned to the show after it was revamped for Denise Van Outen in the West End before she took it on a UK tour .
Weber is known for his work in the sociology of religion .
Weber was not well .
Weber was the eldest of the three children of Franz Anton von Weber .
Webs between their toes help them swim .
Websites can also be vandalized .
Wehbe was born in a rural town in South Lebanon and now lives in Beirut .
Weight loss can happen when a person has esophageal candidiasis for a long time .
Weimar was the German city where the constitution for Germany was written after the First World War .
Weipa is the center for mining .
Wellington ordered his entire line to advance and the French were chased from the field .
Wembley had opened in London only a few months earlier .
Wendlinger was replaced by Andrea de Cesaris .
Wendlinger was seriously injured in a crash during practice for the Monaco Grand Prix .
Werner Heisenberg initially developed this form of expression of the laws of physics just as an equation that he could use to predict the intensities of the photons in the various bands of the hydrogen spectrum .
Werner Himstedt has shown that the skin glands of Ichthyophis protects the eggs from germs and fungi .
Wes Unseld was the Most Valuable Player of the NBA Finals .
Wesley earned extra money by giving music lessons .
Wesley had an important influence on organ building .
Wesley is remembered for his music composed for the Church of England .
Wesley was one of the best composers of his time .
West Palm Beach is the county seat of Palm Beach County .
West also runs his own record label called GOOD Music .
Western Maine aquifers and springs are a big source of bottled water .
Western cultures generally eat the inside raw and throw away the skin while some Asian cultures generally eat both the skin and inside cooked .
Westerners may face significant obstacles in obtaining saffron from India .
Wet hands and add soap .
Wet systems are laid down and then concrete is poured over them .
Wever was questioned for six days in Utrecht .
What Giovanni actually saw were the scratches on his telescope lense .
What Napoleon needed now was a period of time to organize himself and the French army .
What Wieland was trying to do was to make a big break from the past with its association with Hitler .
What a vacuole does and how important it is depends on what kind of cell they are in .
What darmstadtium looks like is not known because not enough has been made to see it with human eyesight .
What happened to the work after that first performance is an interesting story .
What happens if we run program p on itself ?
What he really wanted was to conquer the five free nations of Central America .
What he said about the Kuwait oil well fires during the first Gulf War were shown later to be wrong .
What he saw through his telescope confused him .
What is experienced because of the nociception is pain .
What is fine for use in industry may be bad for humans .
What is it that is correct ?
What is known as the Kashmir conflict has existed since India and Pakistan became independent states .
What is known as the classical period lasted from about 250 to about 909 .
What is real becomes unclear .
What is your name ?
What lawrencium looks like is not known because not enough has been made to see it with human eyesight .
What made the match so enthralling was the fact that Adams was leading by 6 sets to 0 at the interval when Nixon made his unbelievable comeback .
What people wanted was to put away with the Weimar Republic Weimarer Republik .
What you have done is exactly what the queen would do in the wild .
Whatever they won in this round was what they would play for in Fast Money .
Whedon has written for the HBO series Deadwood .
Wheels and tires are much smaller than those used on a normal car .
When Cyclone Larry hit the Mission Beach area in 2006 a lot of cassowary forest was flattened .
When Diaghilev died suddenly in 1929 the Ballets Russes broke up and the dancers moved to other companies .
When Gawain was performed in 1994 at the Royal Opera House a group of hecklers booed and whistled loudly .
When Harry overhears this he is told not to go looking for Black .
When King John set his seal on Magna Carta he conceded the fundamental principle that even as king he was not above the law .
When Langston Hughes was 17 he went to spend some time with his father in Mexico .
When Naismith returned he commented that seeing the game played by many nations was the greatest compensation he could have received for his invention .
When Princip came out of the cafe he saw in front of him Ferdinand in his car .
When Ramanujan heard that Hardy had come in a taxi he asked him what the number of the taxi was .
When Vasa was brought up there were thousands of things inside her .
When Wagner died in 1883 he was terribly sad .
When World War I broke out Ravel felt very strongly that he wanted to do something for his country .
When a caregiver is assigned to look after a baby or a child they are called a babysitter .
When a female samurai committed seppuku she would only cut her own throat .
When a man sings falsetto his vocal range is usually one octave higher than his normal singing voice .
When a man sings falsetto only the edges of his vocal cords vibrate .
When a man sings with a falsetto voice it sounds high like a soprano .
When a monocyte enters damaged tissue through the wall of a blood vessel it changes to become a macrophage .
When a player wants to substitute for another player on the court they tell the score bench who will signal the substitute to the referee at the next available opportunity .
When about 4m deep the Lake is as salty as the sea .
When bastides were founded most had no city walls or fortifications .
When choirboys made mistakes the music teacher William Hawes would hit them with a riding whip .
When cut in open one can seefor more squares alternately colored pink and yellow .
When driving along a road the driver may see a space big enough for him to park his vehicle .
When he conducted he often did not think about what he was doing and got muddled .
When he could not find a position in the lower house he resigned .
When he died at the age of 111 he was the last British person who had fought in the First World War .
When he died in 1930 the festival was run by his widow Winifred .
When he got there he was attacked by a stranger who stabbed him in the chest .
When he had played bass for three years he went on his first tour with the band Kung Sune .
When he lights his pipe there is an explosion .
When he played in church services he played in a more serious style .
When he retired from professional cycling he ran a small garage in Lens until his death .
When he returned to France he got a job as musician to the Duchess of Guise who was a rich lady who employed several musicians .
When he was 100 years old he decided he should tell people about what he had seen in the war .
When he was 13 he became a member of the National Youth Orchestra .
When he was 14 he usually became a squire .
When he was 14 he went to Copenhagen so that he could become an actor .
When he was 14 the family moved to Freiberg in Saxony .
When he was 16 years old he was captured and sold into slavery .
When he was 17 he went to Paris and had private organ lessons with Charles Tournemire .
When he was 19 he traveled about giving concerts .
When he was 21 he sometimes became a knight .
When he was 22 he became organist of Hereford Cathedral .
When he was a boy Max helped his father to rebuild an organ that was going to be thrown away .
When he was a young man he liked to go for walks in the Provence country .
When he was a young man he played the organ in several churches in London and started to compose .
When he was involved in the fall of the party he was sent back to Gijon .
When he was nine he had music lessons from Friedrich Wieck who was the father of Clara Schumann .
When he was quite small he often played the harmonium at the small chapel attached to the school where his father was director .
When he was seven he learned to play the violin .
When he was seven years old he gave a concert in Buenos Aires .
When he was ten he started to go to music evenings where he heard chamber music being played .
When he was unemployed played with Gene in the streets for a Big Mac .
When he was very small he often listened to the songs that were being sung by the women who were sorting out the nuts .
When he was young he was a keen roller skater .
When he was younger he played in bands called Pier 69 and the Attic Children .
When he went back to Canada he wanted to help to improve the state of music education there .
When he went back to Cologne he worked in a studio for electronic music where he studied communications theory .
When he woke up from such a sleep he found that his hair and fingernails had been cut .
When he worked in the private kitchens he quickly learned about main courses .
When hot air meets cold air different weather effects happen .
When humanity started to build another settlement on a planet around another star they met the alien Covenant .
When it gets cold enough it turns back into water again .
When it gets hot on the surface water evaporates and becomes steam or water vapor .
When it goes into white blood cells it makes them fight germs .
When it hatches the grub is fed regurgitated insects by the worker wasps .
When it was defeated he said that he would not return until Spain was once more a democratic country .
When it was published there was nothing in the score which said that Fitzhagen had made lots of changes .
When its role was changed to include Modern Art it was renamed the Tate Gallery after Henry Tate .
When letting your hamster out always keep an eye on it .
When mixed with water sand will become mud .
When more musicians started to learn how to play period instruments he started to use these .
When motor car transport became more and more popular many stations connecting Brazilian towns closed down .
When on the pilgrimage special plain clothes should be worn .
When people dream they are not awake .
When people go into the tea room they take off their shoes and sit on special floor mat called tatami .
When released in as a liquid or gas the wastes can be referred to as emissions .
When she was a girl she wrote stories .
When she was a teenager she had an huge crush on Ringo Starr and painted a large number of portraits of him .
When skin is sunburned it is not good to get a wax treatment .
When soaked in water the seeds of several basil varieties become gelatinous .
When someone is exposed to manganese for a long time it can cause a problem with the nervous system .
When straight rail was first invented there was no restriction on the way points were scored .
When the National Party is in a coalition government its leader is usually the Deputy Prime Minister .
When the Prime Minister Sir Robert Walpole met with the King he and Caroline had signs to communicate with each other .
When the Sapa Inca died he would be mummified .
When the band started in 1989 it was originally called Marilyn Manson and the Spooky Kids .
When the caps lock button is on you can hold the shift key while typing to temporarily type in lowercase letters .
When the democratic party was defeated in 1939 he said that he would never go back to Spain until democracy had been restored .
When the dictator General Franco started to rule Spain he felt very strongly about the political situation .
When the electrons from the cathode ray tube hit the pixels and transfer energy to the gadolinium compounds they give out light as energy .
When the fingers are all bent tightly the hand forms a fist .
When the job of organist at Gloucester Cathedral became available he took it and left Winchester very quicky .
When the katana began to be widely used the tachi sword became a court sword for ceremonies .
When the miller picks one of these sacks up he realizes the grain is spilling .
When the property was handed to the next generation it was divided within the children .
When the sheriff and his deputy left the City of Daphne to look for the murderer the men from Bay Minette went to the City of Daphne .
When the square is empty it looks very big .
When the tatami was first made there was a lot of igusa .
When the team on defense gets three players out it is their turn to hit .
When the team wins a trophy it is given to the captain .
When the theater closed in 1872 he went back to Montreal .
When the theater was opened in 1876 his cycle of operas called the Der Ring des Nibelungen was performed complete for the first time .
When the tree is between 70 and 80 years old it produces thousands of acorns .
When they are played in an orchestra they are often attached to a stand .
When they arrive 343 Guilty Spark warns them that activating this Halo will destroy the whole Ark and the Halo itself .
When they grew up they hoped to become famous opera singers .
When they returned to Denmark Nielsen started composing some of the music that was to make him famous .
When they saw one another they looked away quickly .
When they were unable to understand the monkey they assumed it was a French spy .
When women use falsetto the voice sounds lighter or weaker than it does when they speak or sing normally .
Where Lamarck and Darwin do agree is that evolution did take place .
Where the strings are struck relative to bridge changes to the tone of the sound considerably .
Whether the chance is increased or decreased depends on the timing of the masturbation .
Whether the gardens did exist is a matter of dispute .
While TMV is capable of infecting many plant families these are primarily herbaceous dicots .
While at Project HOPE he helped to supervise the use of civilian volunteers aboard the Navy Hospital Ship Mercy as it responded to the Tsunami disaster in Indonesia and also as part of the Hurricane Katrina response aboard the Hospital Ship Comfort .
While he was in hospital he wrote an anthem Cast me not away to words from Psalm 51 .
While he was in the US he was found guilty of corruption and sentenced to prison for 23 years .
While it is falling it gets even bigger as it bangs into more supercooled drops .
While making peace Finland had to give most parts of Karelia to Soviet Union that is now known as Russia .
While many of them later moved to Sierra Leone .
While other people think that for the integrity of the game that it is important that those players not be in the Hall of Fame regardless of how good they were .
While part of the WWE Cade won the World Tag Team Championship three times with Trevor Murdoch .
While there he became associated with Tachisme .
While there he met other young composers like Peter Maxwell Davies and Alexander Goehr .
While working at a music publishing company he met Glen Campbell and collaborated on several recordings .
Whisper Keys are also invented to prevent overblown .
White cast iron has less silicon .
White home owners nearby protested the purchase of a house by a black family .
White was another city supervisor who had recently resigned but wanted his job back .
White was known for his rich bass voice and won five grammy awards .
Whitlock called in Radle and Los Angeles drummer Jim Gordon to join the group .
Who Owns My Heart
Who hath said thou art weak in thy lands When swords flash out in seventy million hands And seventy million voices roar Thy dreadful name from shore to shore ?
Whoever gets this pardon is free and not guilty anymore .
Whoever has had the ring will die .
Whoever is closer to the number got a chance at the cards .
Whoever won both games would go on to play the Money Cards .
Why are there hundreds of translations ?
Widor told him to improvise something .
Wieland Wagner started a workshop in Bayreuth in which directors could meet and discuss new ideas for presenting the operas .
Wieland died in 1966 .
Wikipedia is an example of a website .
Wild carrots grow naturally in Eurasia .
Wild yaks can be black or brown .
Wilder commented that the film was the biggest success he had ever been associated with .
Wilhelm Busch was an artist as well as a writer .
Wilkes was the first President of the British Computing Society .
Will the burning of so many trees change the air and make the climate on the earth warmer ?
Willard R. Zemlin .
William Hogarth was very critical of the medical profession .
William Jones translated his work into English in 1771 .
William Walker armed a new army .
William Wallace once lived there .
William agreed to attack .
William and Mary were crowned together at Westminster Abbey on 11 April 1689 .
William and Mary were offered the separate Scottish Crown .
William of Normandy sent up to 700 ships across the English Channel and landed at small town named Pevensey .
William of Orange felt uncomfortable about his position .
William ordered the Norman archers to fire on the English army .
Williams was one of the first superstar to have problems with alcohol and drugs .
Willow Grouse and Red Grouse feed on the young shoots and seeds of this plant .
Wilson attended a number of universities in Scotland without attaining a degree .
Wilson had been helped by two other surgeons .
Wilson helped to change rhythm and blues into soul .
Wilson performed the operation on 25 August .
Wilson served on the United States Supreme Court from 1789 to 1798 .
Wilson started reading the law at the office of John Dickinson a short time later .
Wilson was one of the main political economists at the Constitutional Convention .
Wilt Chamberlain played for the Globetrotters for awhile .
Wind can also make valleys larger by erosion .
Windows Vista corrects this situation by including a generic AHCI driver .
Wine and vinegar are also made from the fruit .
Wine cellars are big rooms were wine is stored .
Wine made in the American state of California has a long history .
Wine production and tourism are some of the main industries of the canton .
Wine was first made in California in 1769 .
Wings disbanded in 1981 .
Winnats Pass is a path way in between two cliffs .
Winstone is also a former professional boxer in the Repton Amateur Boxing Club where he won 80 out of 88 bouts .
Winstone made his big screen debut in the 1979 movie That Summer .
Winter clothing was made from layers of deer skin .
Winters are quite mild .
Witcher has also toured with artists such as Jerry Douglas .
Witcher sent a courier to inform Breckinridge that they were coming to join them at Marion .
With FC Barcelona he won also the UEFA Cup Winners Cup in 1979 .
With God to guide the way .
With SK Sturm he won the Austrian Cup in 2010 .
With Willy Brandt his foreign policy meant the Federal Republic of Germany promised not to try and get back the parts of Germany given to Poland and the USSR .
With cats there is a limit to how far you can train them .
With his newfound powers he saves Haven City and Spargus City from attacks multiple times .
With just a phone call you can be picked up from any point .
With more exploration it was realized that two rivers were the same river and the name Fish River was dropped .
With new bus services to Glasgow and Lanark .
With the development of plate tectonics in the 1960s geologists concluded the Atlantic Ocean must have had a precursor before the time of Pangaea .
With the economic growth after World War Two people started to use chairs and carpets .
With the spread of Christianity the idea of what a Valkyrie was like changed more and more to a Romantic description of a beautiful woman .
With the teams he never reached an european competition .
With this depth it is the deepest lake on Earth .
With this she became the first woman to appear on any postal stamp issued in the USA .
With this technology humans explored the whole Solar System .
With this they can also tell about glacial advances .
With this word he meant that the President had not really the power that he is given by the constitution and that the Vice President and the Secretary of Defense had more influence than they should have .
Witherite is the main source of barium salts .
Within republic 23 kinds of the birds brought in the Red book of the Russian Federation are noted .
Within some of the sports are several events .
Within the OMZ oxygen saturation is too low to support aerobic metabolism in most higher organisms .
Within the six disability categories the athletes still need to be divided according to their level of impairment .
Within the webbing are two pouches .
Without enough calcium ions bones can become weak .
Without the Manifestations of God we could not know God .
Without the rejuvenating effects of conjugation a paramecium ages and dies .
Wives of rich samurai were very well dressed and enjoyed a good position in society .
Wojtaszek won the Polish Chess Championship in 2005 .
Wollstonecraft describes Mary as independent and capable of defining femininity and marriage for herself .
Wollstonecraft wrote it when she was a governess in Ireland .
Woman of the Year was the first of nine films with Spencer Tracy .
Women also do pottery and the pots are bought and taken to markets .
Women also use birch and spruce to weave baskets .
Women are not usually allowed to perform haka .
Women eat apart and only after the men have finished .
Women in Ancient Egypt removed unwanted hair with a sticky mixture of honey and oil .
Women of that time even copied her hair style and style of dressing .
Women usually go to hairdressers instead .
Women were banned from performing in Kabuki plays in 1629 because it was thought to disturb discipline .
Women were first admitted to Howard College in 1895 .
Women were prominent in the faith .
Women wore the ensemble of Jeogori and Chima .
Woobang Tower Land is an amusement park with many rides and roller coasters .
Wood encouraged him in his conducting .
Wood tar is microbicidal and has a pleasant odor .
Wood tar is used in traditional Finnish medicine because of its microbicidial properties .
Wooden buildings such as houses are usually painted because a coat of paint prevents water seeping into the wood and making it rot .
Work on the route is expected to conclude sometime in mid 2011 .
Work was done in 1871 and the garden opened to the public .
Work will not be complete until 2017 .
Work will start from late 2009 . .
Workmen from every part of the town formed 8 gangs to build the 8 parts .
World Champion Fernando Alonso stating that it was enjoyable because there was always something to do .
World War I began with huge support and goodwill towards the United Kingdom from the Indian political leadership .
World Water Day is celebrated on March 22 .
World Water Monitoring Day is celebrated on September 18 .
World title competition first started in 1986 and required the use of ivory balls .
Wotan and Loge go down below the earth to the Nibelungs .
Wotan and Loge pretend to be impressed .
Wotan and Loge take all the gold and go back to Valhalla .
Wotan and Loge tease Alberich .
Wotan and Loge tell Alberich that they have heard how clever he is .
Wotan asks Loge how they are going to get the gold .
Wotan demands the gold .
Wotan does not know what to do .
Wotan has no choice .
Wotan immediately puts his foot on him and catches him .
Wotan is cross with Loge for not having found something else to pay the giants with .
Wotan says they can have anything they want but not the ring .
Wotan tells the giants they can have their gold .
Wrap the dough up in the plastic .
Wright also invented hot water underfloor systems .
Writes are done to the backing store all the time .
Writing started during the period of French rule .
Writing started long before the invention of paper .
Writing system Bengali script .
Writing to Nadezhda was a great support to him at this time .
Written by Himself .
Wyangala Dam was built near Cowra to control the amount of water in the river .
Wynette was married 5 times .
Xanthan gum also helps to keep spices and other solid bits of food evenly distributed in a liquid .
Xanthan gum can also help keep skin moist .
Xanthan gum is a very effective thickener .
Xanthi is a Greek city and its one of 51 prefectures of Greece .
Xena and a group of Archangels are able to rescue Gabrielle from Hell before Gabrielle can fall to the darkness .
Xena intervenes and rescues them .
Xiahou Dun was an important general under Cao Cao .
Xie Jun of China won the right to challenge for the world championship in February 1991 .
Yafford is a hamlet on the Isle of Wight .
Yahoo !
Yakima County is a county located in the U.S. state of Washington .
Yakima is a city in the state of Washington .
Yaks are herd animals .
Yakutat City and Borough is a city in Alaska .
Yale University is a university in the state of Connecticut .
Yale is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Yale was founded in 1701 .
Yalova has a better quality of life from other Turkish cities .
Yamaha also produces motorbikes .
Yamaha is a big corporation and has been discovered 120 years ago .
Yamaha was founded in 1887 by Torakusu Yamaha .
Yamanashi is a prefecture in Japan .
Yamoussoukro only became the capital in 1983 .
Yangchuanosaurus was a genus of theropod dinosaur from the Upper Jurassic of China .
Yangon became the capital of Union of Burma on 4 January 1948 when the country regained independence from the British Empire .
Yangon has more than 4 million people living there .
Yaniv Katan is also the 2nd player to score a hat trick for Maccabi Haifa against a team from Europe .
Yankee Doodle Dandy is a 1942 biographical musical movie .
Yann Pierre Tiersen is a classical musician .
Yantai is a coastal city facing the Huang Hai .
Yantras function as revelatory symbols of cosmic truths .
Yarm is a small town in North East England in the North Yorkshire .
Yarmouth is a town in the province of Nova Scotia in the country of Canada .
Yarn and twine and sometimes wool are wrapped around the center core .
Yarn is sold in the shape called a skein to prevent the yarn from becoming tangled or knotted .
Yas Island is an island in Abu Dhabi .
Yas Marina Circuit has hosted the Formula One Abu Dhabi Grand Prix since .
Yas Marina Circuit is the largest permanent sports venue lighting project in the world .
Yas Marina is the second Formula One track in the Middle East .
Yas Marina was designed as an Arabian version of Monaco .
Yasothon is a town in the Isan region of Thailand .
Yass Junction was the nearest railway station on the Sydney Melbourne railway to serve the national capital at Canberra .
Yass became a District Council in 1842 .
Yass has an impressive and historic main street .
Yass is an important area for raising sheep which have very fine wool .
Yass is located about 280 km south west of Sydney and is 56km north of Canberra .
Yass was one of the sites suggested for the Australian Federal Capital after 1901 .
Yatsuhashi is a Japanese treat .
Yatsuhashi is made by rice flour and sugqar cane and a lot of cinnamon .
Yaws is a tropical infection of the skin .
Years of warfare had exhausted both the Byzantines and the Persians .
Yellow discoloration of the skin and the whites of the eyes happens in all types of jaundice .
Yellow leaves towards the bottom of the plant are an indication that the plant needs more sunlight or less fertilizer .
Yet he continued to be active as a conductor and speaker .
Yoshi Tatsu was announced as a pro for 5th season of NXT Redemption where he is training Byron Saxton who was a competitor on NXT season 4 .
You are the only one in the world !
You can also inactivate it by prefixing it with as in .
You can also use Gamma Rays to clean Hospital material .
You can also write as .
You can easily get useful information during chat from chat keyword link and share the information with buddy easily .
You can get fat by eating the wrong unhealthy types of food and by eating too much .
You can help Wikipedia by adding to them .
You can not know precisely how good they are without either asking them or knowing how their school arranges the belt colors in ranks .
You can see a drawing of this in the bottom right of the page .
You can test how hot a hot pepper can be by using the Scoville scale .
You can use it to make a sandwich or in soup .
You get points by shooting the ball into the opponents basket .
You go in these rooms if you are mentally stupid .
You have triggered a reflex which all kittens have .
You should not use a mouse case because hamsters can squeeze through many small spaces .
You will soon hear of me with my funny little games .
Young and old women dance in a circle at night under the moonlight .
Young kittens are playful .
Young leaves have an attractive reddish tinge .
Your Rebel Flag 14 .
Your fingernail will easily scratch it .
Yuan uses a drug where it puts people to sleep on everyone .
Yuri Temirkanov was Principal Conductor from 1976 to 1988 .
ZDNet bought Gamespot later on .
Zabrze is a city in Poland in the Silesian Voivodeship .
Zac Efron has guest starred in many of tv shows and movies .
Zacatecas is a state in central Mexico .
Zack Whedon is an American television writer .
Zack and Miri Make a Porno is an 2008 romantic comedy movie that was produced by Scott Mosier and was directed by Kevin Smith .
Zack and Wiki agree to help him get his body back if he gives them his ship and treasure .
Zagreb is the capital city and the largest city of the country of Croatia .
Zakynthos is a beautiful town .
Zakynthos is mostly flat island .
Zakynthos is one of the Ionian Islands .
Zakynthos is the capital of Zakynthos island .
Zakynthos is very touristic island .
Zalmoxes was a dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous .
Zam is a department or commune of Ganzourgou Province in Burkina Faso .
Zambia national football team is the national football team of Zambia .
Zambia originated from Northern Rhodesia which was a colony of Great Britain .
Zambia was a one party democracy .
Zandhoven is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Zanesville is a town in Ohio .
Zanskar River has two branches of origin .
Zanzibar gained independence on 10th December 1963 from the British .
Zanzibar is also the home of the endemic Zanzibar Red Colobus and the elusive Zanzibar Leopard .
Zanzibar national football team is the national football team of Zanzibar .
Zanzibar was conquered by the British in the late 19th century .
Zanzibaris are living a hard life compare to the mainland .
Zapata County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas .
Zarqa is a city in Jordan .
Zatch Bell !
Zatch can not remember anything of his past in the Mamodo World .
Zatch decides that he wants to be a Belovelent King or Kind King to stop all the battles .
Zatch is actually a Mamodo .
Zavala County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas .
Zaventem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
Zayin is the seventh letter of the Hebrew alphabet .
Zeppo usually played the straight man .
Zero mean condition implies from admissibility condition .
Zeus ordered Hephaestus to mould her out of Earth .
Zevon has written a lot of songs that were recorded by other artists .
Zevon sometimes recorded or sang cover songs .
Ziehrer died in 1922 .
Ziehrer was born in Vienna .
Zingeria of the Poaceae was named in honor of Vasily Zinger .
Zorak and Brak are comic foils for Space Ghost .
Zoroastrianism was the dominant religion of Sassanid Persia .
Zulu comes second with 10.3 million speakers .
a double decker sandwich would consist of three slices of bread with two layers of fillings .
alcoholic mead .
and Brand New Eyes .
and Caligula .
and Hey !
and James Bond movie Casino Royale are only some of the movies filmed on Paradise Island .
and dispatched two officers to tempt the Romans by the offer of a conference .
and in 2005 worked in Afghanistan for the United Nations Development Programme .
and is the Member of Parliament for the Salford and Eccles constituency .
and six other small districts .
and the film is called Super Mario Bros. .
and worked as a clerk for science .
anime and trading card game which has same name .
ap .
are always fighting each other .
area of about 1 square mile .
as loud as he could .
at the southern border .
b4 Bxb4 5 .
b4 is the Evans Gambit .
basket ball is good lover of sports .
before he stopped breathing and was declared dead on arrival at the hospital .
before serving .
beloved on the earth .
bha ma .
brought in hundreds of convicts .
but 4 to 20 people used this island .
but some still call China communist .
bxa6 Bxa6 6 .
by Jael Silliman and Anannya Bhattacharjee .
by Melissa Farley .
c3 Ba5 6 .
c4 c5 3 .
ca .
campaigning for governor in 2006 .
can .
century it was known as Francia Orientalis or the Kingdom of the East Franks .
co. uk it is now expected to be released on 17 March 2008 .
college university lahore also belong to bahwalnager .
com .
com is a website that lists statistics for every player in Major League Baseball history .
comes with a gyro sensor .
couchlock .
css file extension .
cuius annunciatio nostra fuit salvatio .
cxb5 a6 5 .
d4 Nf6 2 .
d5 b5 4 .
days ago .
days in the summer .
de .
distt .
e4 e5 2 .
eBay owns it .
entered the Billboard 200 at number 20 and the UK charts at number 24 .
fm is a music website from the UK .
for example .
g3 Bg7 9 .
group for LGBT Muslims which became popular fast .
ha .
ha not the time to get ears for police .
hadir studam is a good playfaild aria .
has many microgames .
he competed in the British Formula Renault Winter Series .
he has recorded more than 30 albums .
he is cool ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
he is marvelous .
he left the academy and went to a rest to Horta de Ebro .
he says .
he wrote with music in his mind .
hello
however many parallel programming languages have been created to simplify parallel computers programming .
hr Ovi korisnici govore hrvatski kao materinji jezik .
if treated with respect they can become very loyal and rewarding pets .
if you were to walk across this type of lava in bare feet .
in January 2007 .
in darkness .
in tears .
in the Iron Range and north of Weipa to about 700 mm .
instead of Christine Cavanaugh .
is 0 at integer values of .
is a 2004 Game Boy Advance video game .
is a 2004 film .
is a 2004 teen comedy movie .
is a city in Japan .
is a web portal and an internet content and service provider .
is a young adult book of poetry by Ralph Fletcher with photographs by Andrea Sperling .
is also a Sanskrit term used as an exclamation for something novel .
is among the best national universities and South America .
is an identity matrix .
is an old Tuscan ball game from Maremma towns between Siena and Grosseto .
is not defined for negative numbers .
is one of the states of Brazil .
is said near the beginning of every episode .
is the area of a differential square on the surface .
is the inverse of .
it has made a comeback recently .
it is the home of the Parkes Radio Telescope .
it is the result of hyperflongic disanthorpia .
it started in 1988 .
it was the best game in the world
ka kwai ma .
kaioo gives all money they earn with these advertisements to poor people .
kam .
le to .
lebt .
legend says she still lives there in complete misery .
makes money from advertisements in their services .
matten shah as DSO good woork of sports .
mean different things .
mre to .
of kinako and 1 Tbs .
on October 24th of 1848 receive the name of city and became the Capital of the state .
only publishes the top 100 for the public .
or is the way to write the set of all natural numbers .
p11
p110
p132
p165 This is a total of 66 years and 2 months .
p170
p18p293
p198
p198 A rumor that the Soviets had persuaded him to lose deliberately to Botvinnik in the 1948 World Championship has no evidence to back it up .
p256
p263
p266 In September 1940 the more powerful Mk IIa series 1 Hurricanes started entering service although only in small numbers .
p30
p305 The attacks on civillians was terror bombing tactics designed to cause panic and damage morale .
p335
p376
p388
p397p148
p417
p47
p6
p66
p74
p76
prany da tui .
prany tui .
remembering the promise he had made .
shamt gives a shift amount .
she can be suductive at times .
she once wrote .
she was sent to an island with the gift of immortality .
since July 25 up to September 1 .
so .
some of the accused were burned alive and hung .
stops very quickly .
superstition people believe that it can be used to keep vampires away .
ta .
thanks for keeping last letter back till I got to work again .
that means that they are the lowest in the city loop .
the bony fish .
the city is growing faster and faster and start to prepare for the event that will bring a lot of people here .
the first mention as Liebenwerda as a city is from 1304 .
the first section was opened in 1927 .
the hole .
the village of Balsam Lake is found inside of the town .
then meet in a bloody shootout with FBI members .
they are usually used by suicide bombers and the IRA .
this is also called the Renaissance
this material is the film in a film camera or electronic sensor in a digital camera .
to say something looks or acts stupid .
tobbaco has additives that make it more harmful than cannabis and hash .
tui .
used on US cities .
usually lost at sea .
v is a vector field called the drift velocity .
visited Paderborn in 1996 and Pope Leo III .
visited Paderborn in 799 .
was a pamphlet published in January 1933 by Choudhary Rahmat Ali in which the word Pakistan was used for the first time .
was certified gold in the US .
was commonly added around the time of the Council of Trent .
was later turned into a musical .
was one of the important saints of Hinduism .
when they are about to kill someone .
where he is a referee .
where is impulse characteristic of continuous filter which is identical to for given .
where is the length of the box and is the position of the particle within the box .
where those religions born .
which is also known as Koshur and hence are classified as a Dardic people .
which is much simpler then our original circuit .
which was successful .
while digging in a field .
width of the river at Jammu is about 300 m at the bridge site .
with 0 !
with an aquatic nymph which is carnivorous .
with an important production of milk .
with jealousy .
won the election and Hillery was successful on his first attempt to get elected .
